Corporate Social Responsibility
WE VALUE YOUR PRIVACY
CSR at Franklin
Templeton
Franklin Templeton uses
Corporate social responsibility is a key component of our strategy to deliver better outcomes. CSR at
personalize your experience, deliver personalized ads, and support marketing efforts. Non-essential
Franklin Templeton is grounded in our corporate values of putting clients first, building relationships,
achieving quality
and working
integrity.
CSRinformation,
framework
withresults
essential-only
and changewith
choices
anytime.Our
For more
viewand
our approach is multidimensional, reflecting
that Notice
are interconnected
and mutually supportive.
Privacy &topics
.
Reject Non-Essential
WE VALUE YOUR PRIVACY
personalize your experience, deliver personalized ads, and support marketing efforts. Non-essential
with essential-only and change choices anytime. For more information, view our
Stewardship and sustainable investing
personalize your experience, deliver personalized ads, and support marketing efforts. Non-essential
with essential-only and change choices anytime. For more information, view our
Environment
personalize your experience, deliver personalized ads, and support marketing efforts. Non-essential
with essential-only and change choices anytime. For more information, view our
People, culture and inclusion
personalize your experience, deliver personalized ads, and support marketing efforts. Non-essential
with essential-only and change choices anytime. For more information, view our
Responsible corporate practices
CSR
News & Events
All News & Events
1/3
Franklin Templeton Celebrated as
a 2025 Best Place to Work by
Pensions & Investments
Franklin Templeton Recognizes
Employees for Contributions to the
Community
Frankli
Extend
Throug
Read More
Read More
Read M
›
›
Additional
WE resources
VALUE YOUR PRIVACY
Templeton
uses essential
(or strictly necessary)
to runReporting
our site. WithInitiative
your permission,
See below ourFranklin
full list
of disclosures,
in accordance
with the
Global
(GRI) and the
we’ll
also
use
and
other
tracking
technologies
to
analyze
website
usage,
improve
performance,
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards, as well as policies and documents
personalize your experience, deliver personalized ads, and support marketing efforts. Non-essential
related to our CSR activities.
with essential-only and change choices anytime. For more information, view our
GRI
SASB
Environmental Policy
Franklin Templeton Corporate TCFD Report
FranklinHuman
Rights Statement
and other tracking technologies to analyze website usage, improve performance,
personalize your experience, deliver personalized ads, and support marketing efforts. Non-essential
with essential-only and change choices anytime. For more information, view our
Anti-Fraud Program Statement
Anti-Money Laundering Program Statement
Sanctions Program Statement
Program
Statement
FranklinAnti-Corruption
Templeton uses essential
(or strictly
personalize your experience, deliver personalized ads, and support marketing efforts. Non-essential
with essential-only and change choices anytime. For more information, view our
Related resources
Click below to view sustainable investing-related reports created by our investment managers and
other related topics.
Sustainable Investing & Stewardship
WE VALUE YOUR
AnnualPRIVACY
Report
personalize your experience, deliver personalized ads, and support marketing efforts. Non-essential
with essential-only and change choices anytime. For more information, view our
Global Inclusion
Important Information
This information is intended to be of general interest only and not construed as individual investment advice or a
recommendation or solicitation to buy, sell or hold any security or to adopt any investment strategy. It does not constitute legal
or tax advice.
Franklin Templeton and our Specialist Investment Managers have certain environmental, social and governance (ESG) goals or
capabilities; however, not all strategies are managed to “ESG” oriented objectives.
Links can take you to third-party sites/media, directly or through new browser windows. We urge you to review the privacy,
risk. Franklin Templeton Investments (FTI) does not control, adopt, endorse or accept responsibility for content, tools, products
or services (including any software, links, advertising, opinions, or comments) available on or through third party sites or
software.
Logos are trademarks of their respective owners and should not be deemed a sponsor of, or recommendation for, any Franklin
Templeton product or service.
personalize your experience, deliver personalized ads, and support marketing efforts. Non-essential
with essential-only and change choices anytime. For more information, view our