Growth & Impact Report | Ecolab
2025 Growth & Impact Report
Growing Fast. Growing Our Impact. Growing Our Team.
In 2025, Ecolab continued to grow fast by meeting critical global challenges, growing our impact through measurable outcomes and growing our team to deliver for the industries and communities we serve.
Download Full Report [English]
Download Overview [English]
Translated Overviews Portal
Hear From Our CEO
Our ambition to build a positive future together.
When we deliver on our mission to protect the world’s most vital resources, we grow our business and positive impact alongside our customers.
People Health
Helping people thrive by protecting their individual health, the food they eat and the spaces where they live and work.
Planet Health
Helping the planet thrive by protecting the earth's climate and its most valuable resource: water.
Business Health
Helping businesses thrive by protecting their reputations and their bottom line.
Growing Fast While Growing Our 2030 Positive Impact
Our work to create 2030 Positive Impact reflects the benefit we aim to deliver for our company, communities,customers and environment. Together with our customers and supply partners, we are focused on continuingour positive performance into the future.
Learn About Our 2030 Positive Impact
Partnering With Our Customers
Here’s How We Empowered Our Customers in 2025:
Learn More About Our eROI Approach
Customer Success Stories
Partnering With Customers To Solve Their Greatest Challenges
June 2, 2026
Ecolab Innovations Support Four Seasons Global Impact
our Seasons is focused on increasing operational efficiencies while embracing environmental best practices across its po...
Show More
June 1, 2026
Ecolab Supports Nestlé as it Advances its Growth, Efficiency and Impact Goals
Nestlé is committed to achieving efficiencies that fuel value creation to accelerate profitable growth while supporting ...
Show More
May 29, 2026
Driving Business Performance and Circular Water Practices at Moeve’s San Roque Energy Park
Optimizing water use through circular solutions is a key goal for Moeve as well as a strategic priority for Spain, due t...
March 2, 2026
Circular Water Reduces Costs, Water and Energy Usage for Linde Gases (Yantai)
Linde Gases (Yantai) was looking for solutions that would improve operational efficiencies, meet regulatory requirements...
March 2, 2026
Helping to Power a More Sustainable Future Together with AES Andes
The AES Andes Ventanas plant achieved substantial savings in energy, costs, maintenance and labor via 3D TRASAR™ Technol...
Helping Sysco Drive Customer Performance and Impact
Working with Ecolab, Sysco deployed a suite of solutions aimed at increasing operational efficiencies, enhancing the gue...
Helping Sodexo Turn Business and Environmental Ambitions into Actions
In partnership with Ecolab, Sodexo North America has optimized its operations and achieved water, energy and waste reduc...
Water Savings for ADM Ethanol Facility
Ecolab’s CIP technology and associated chemistries led to more consistent fermentation and enhanced system performance a...
Sustainable Success at Marriott Vacations Worldwide (MVW)
MVW’s partnership with Ecolab has led to increased performance without tradeoffs.
Lotte Chemical Environmental Impact Goals
Nalco Water solution performed with a significant reduction in NOx.
View All Stories
eROI projects have led to $12.9 billion globally in cumulative value for our customers.
Learn More About eROI
Excelling in Our Operations
Protecting Vital Resources
Advancing Water Stewardship
Read More
Demonstrating Climate Leadership
Read More
Ecolab and CDP Partner on New Benchmarks to Help Companies Improve Operational Water Performance
Ecolab Unleashes Water Intelligence to Drive Growth in the AI Era
Supporting People and Communities
Fostering a Winning Team
Learn More
$24.2 Million Contributed to Global Communities in 2025
Learn More
Keeping the World Cleaner
We are growing fast by delivering our impact with high-performing teams.
eROI
Our eROI value approach measures the impact we deliver for our customers and helps them achieve business and sustainability goals.
2030 Positive Impact
Our ambition for creating 2030 Positive Impact reflects our dedication to working together to protect vital resources and do what’s right.
Explore How We Are Working To Build a Positive Future
Learn More About:
2030 Positive Impact
Supporting People and Communities
Environment
Policies and Practices
Reporting Resources
Download Growth & Impact Report
Get In Touch with Us
Get in Touch
Ecolab Global Headquarters
Office of Corporate Sustainability
1 Ecolab Place
St. Paul, MN 55102
Submit your comments and suggestions via the form, and our Corporate Sustainability Team, based in St. Paul, will assist.
Contact Our Corporate Responsibility Team
Thank you for your interest!