Corporate Responsibility | FICO
compost
Environmental
handshake
Social
account_balance
Governance
groups
Meet the team
Environmental
Our commitment
FICO is committed to a clean, safe and healthy environment as well as compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations through the efficient and effective operations of our Global Facilities and Information & Communication Technology assets.
At FICO, our approach to environmental stewardship and sustainability is not new. In 2008, the company announced its Sustainable Enterprise Initiative. This company-wide program was designed to help conserve energy resources, while also delivering operational savings. Today, we continue to build on these principles throughout our corporate strategy. We have embraced our role as a responsible corporate citizen, which keeps our focus aligned with long-term value creation.
Addressing waste management, energy usage and environmental stewardship include the following measures:
Technology Consolidation
through the use of cloud computing architectures, hardware virtualization and other advanced technologies that maximize the use of available computing resources to support business growth without the need for a corresponding expansion of computing devices.
Technology Recycling
helps ensure that all Information & Communication Technology assets are disposed of using certified vendors providing recycling services that meet or exceed the regulations in place within the countries in which we operate.
Telecommuting and Teleconferencing
options that are available to employees to improve collaboration and productivity while minimizing or eliminating the requirement for business travel.
Printed Document Reduction
through implementation of hardware and software configuration options to reduce the overall number of printed pages.
Use of Sustainable, Reusable and Recyclable Products
where technically and economically viable, we endeavor to purchase and use such products so as to reduce waste levels across all aspects of the business.
Periodic Review of the Company’s Business Activities
to identify practices which could have significant impact on eWaste production and maintain a cohesive eWaste practice.
Environment Training and Awareness
provided to staff on a periodic basis to enable them to understand and contribute to the implementation of the eWaste Policy.
Conserving our natural resources
We aim to conserve natural resources by working to improve energy efficiency in design and construction of our leased facilities, implementing energy conservation best practices in existing and future facilities, where feasible, and reducing energy consumption through environmental controls and identifying opportunities in collaborative programs offered through utility companies and with local, state and national agencies.
Human rights
FICO is committed to operating its business in an ethical manner, and it expects the same standards from those organizations in its supply chain. The FICO Third Party Management Policy sets forth the procedures FICO follows in order to obligate its third-party business partners, including organizations within its supply chain, to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations. FICO will not tolerate any slavery and human tracking activities within the supply chain of its business, as stated in the company’s
Modern Slavery & Human Trafficking Statement
issued for each financial year.
Data privacy and cybersecurity
We embrace training as an opportunity to enrich our colleagues and engage with employees in a meaningful way. Security Awareness Training is required for all FICO workers. This will ensure all employees are aware of FICO security requirements, changes to the security landscape, threats, and vulnerabilities to help reduce IT risk to FICO.
FICO is a member of the PCI Security Standards Council and maintains certifications and security control validations. Our products and platform are designed with industry best practices security controls.
Your privacy is important to us.
Learn more
Culture of inclusion
FICO believes that a highly talented workforce that includes people with a wide range of backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives drives innovation while helping us relate to our global customer base. Our goal is to achieve this innovation and connection to our customer base through a culture that attracts the broadest talent audience possible, while always striving to select the most qualified individuals. And, we believe that promoting a culture where each individual is truly valued allows our people to reach their full potential.
To promote an inclusive culture, we sponsor several Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), each of which is available to all members of our workforce. We listen to our people’s experiences and ideas with quarterly workforce engagement surveys, action plans, and transparency via recurring town hall discussions. In addition, we have adopted a policy providing that all employment-related decisions be made in compliance with established equal employment opportunity statutes. Accordingly, we take steps to ensure that all decisions to employ, transfer, promote, train, compensate or otherwise provide access to benefit programs are made in accordance with these statutes.
Leadership Commitment & Accountability
Board-level oversight and involvement in promoting a broadly attractive and healthy organizational culture aligned with our Core Values of Acting Like an Owner, Delighting Our Customers, and Earning the Respect of Others.
Culture reinforced by behavioral expectations integrated into Performance Rubrics applicable to all colleagues.
Education & Strategic Programs
Broad-based education through FICO Leadership Academy and FICO Manager Foundations programs designed to drive organizational effectiveness while preparing the next generation of leaders.
Best practice policies and recurring compliance training for all colleagues.
Voluntary dialogue sessions to promote mutual understanding and inclusive behavior.
Employee Resource Group
Regional ERG Steering Committees with dedicated funding (Miyawaki Afforestation Project)
Women@FICO (and other groups forming)
Community service groups
Gender pay gap:
FICO is committed to equal pay for equal work. As part of our compensation and rewards planning processes, we formally evaluate and take steps to ensure that our equal pay standard is maintained. As an example of our analyses, see what we are doing in the UK in our
UK Gender Pay Gap Report.
Safe place to work
FICO prohibits all workplace violence and threatening behavior by employees. Behaviors can include physical violence, as well as oral or written statements, gestures or expressions that communicate a direct or indirect threat of physical harm.
We are committed to providing a work environment free of unlawful harassment. Our policy prohibits all unlawful harassment including sexual harassment and harassment based on pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, race, religious creed, color, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, marital status, age, gender, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law or ordinance or regulation.
To learn more about our basic principles to guide employees, directors, agents and other persons acting on behalf of the Corporation, please read our
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
and
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Management
.
Volunteerism and community engagement
At FICO, we believe that purpose fuels performance. FICO Impact represents our commitment to advancing financial inclusion, supporting innovation, and strengthening communities through meaningful action. We encourage our people to give back with paid Community Volunteer Leave (CVL), flexible scheduling, and a robust FICO Cares Matching Gifts Program. This includes matches for personal donations, volunteer hours, and nonprofit board service—amplifying the ways our teams create positive change.
Governance
Board oversight of risk
Our management is responsible for identifying the various risks facing the Company, formulating risk management policies and procedures, and managing the Company’s risk exposures. Our Board of Directors’ responsibility is to monitor the Company’s risk management processes by informing itself concerning our material risks and evaluating whether management has reasonable controls in place to address the material risks. While the Board as a whole maintains the ultimate oversight responsibility for risk management, the committees of the Board are assigned responsibility for risk management oversight of specific areas, as detailed in our Proxy Statement linked below.
Our proxy statement
Learn more
Corporate Governance Guidelines
Board Committee Charters
Meet the team
Carrie Darling
Key contact
Steve Weber
Rich Deal
Ted Walter
Ben Nelson
Steve Wilson
Matt Dixon
Deniz Ozcan
Jodi Schilf
Nikhil Behl
Steve Carlson
Take the next step
Connect with FICO for answers to all your product and solution questions. We look forward to hearing from you.
Contact us