0
ACCEPT
CORPORATEDECLINE
SUSTAINABILITY
OVERVIEW
ENVIRONMENT
SOCIAL
GOVERNANCE
REPORTS & POL
OUR MISSION: TO BE AN ENDURING
COMPANY
Garmin is committed to sustainability, and this commitment is reflected in our mission,
vision and values. Guided by company leadership, we conduct business responsibly to
monitor our impact on people and the environment and to assess our financial results.
We are committed to accomplishing what we say we will do and to serving all of our
stakeholders — including associates, business partners, communities, customers and
shareholders — for the long term.
2025 CORPORATE IMPACT REPORT
In 2025, Garmin was recognized as #1 on Forbes’ list of America’s Best Employers by State.
In 2025, approximately 30% of Garmin’s Scope 2 emissions were offset through the use of
renewable energy.
Garmin is a global brand that employs more than 23,000 associates in 37 countries. These
individuals share our core values and are committed to helping us achieve our mission.
PERSPECTIVE
Corporate sustainability is not a passive activity. It means actively engaging in and conducting
business in manners that promote financial, environmental and societal stewardship. It is reducing
risks, uncovering opportunities and creating long-term value for all stakeholders. Sustainability
topics and focus areas may evolve over time, but our commitment to sustainability is unwavering.
For Garmin, conducting business responsibly has always been part of our culture and is ingrained in
our values. To provide stakeholders with more transparency on our corporate sustainability efforts,
we are highlighting some of our environmental and societal impacts and ways we’ve integrated
sustainability within our business operations throughout this site.
For a company to provide sustained value to all stakeholders, proper financial management and
resource allocation must be key components of corporate sustainability. Demonstrating financial
stewardship and delivering strong financial performance are critical to sustainability. To access our
financial information, please visit our Investors page.
INVESTORS
OUR MISSION, VISION, VALUES AND STRATEGIES
Why You Should Use Garmin Smartwatches with Solar Charging
LEARN MORE
Spotlight: Garmin Women in Aviation
LEARN MORE
Garmin Commits to Renewable Wind Energy with 20-year Agreement
forMORE
site operation,
SEE
BLOGS analytics, and third party advertising
For corporate sustainability inquiries, please email sustainability@garmin.com. For investor
inquiries, please email investor.relations@garmin.com.
CUSTOMER SERVICE
COMPANY
PLATFORMS
FOR BUSINESS
United States
Privacy
Security
Digital Accessibility