Sustainability and Other Reporting
Share
We aspire to be the world’s most exceptional financial institution, united
by our shared values of partnership, client service, integrity, and
excellence. As such, we view sustainability through a broad lens,
spanning our work with clients, how we manage the firm, and how we
engage with external stakeholders. Our reports and statements on
Wesustainability,
use essential cookiesconduct,
to make sure our
website
works
properly,
to
and
more
can
be found
here.
comply with obligations that apply to us and for security purposes.
purposes.
Sustainability Reports
Reject non-essential
Our approach to sustainable finance centers on our clients. We facilitate our clients’
sustainability objectives by providing them with our advice; market-based solutions across
public and private markets, including innovative structuring and financing solutions; and
dedicated risk management capabilities.
Current Report | Historical Reports
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Report
In October 2023, Financial Stability Board disbanded the TCFD. Please see the current
Goldman Sachs Sustainability Report for Goldman Sachs Group's latest climate-related
financial disclosures.
2023 Report | 2021 Report
Goldman Sachs 2023 People Strategy Report
It is only with the determination and dedication of our people that we can serve our clients,
generate long-term value for our shareholders and contribute to our broader communities.
2023 Report | Historical Reports
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
This Code outlines the policies and practices that define who we are and what we stand for as
a firm.
Learn
More
comply with obligations that apply to us and for security purposes.
Statement on Human Rights
Our respect for human rights is fundamental to and informs our business; it guides us in how
purposes.
we treat and train our employees, and how we work with our clients and our vendors.
mind at
any time,
see our
Learn
.
Statements on Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking
This statement sets out the steps we have taken and are taking to assess the risk of modern
slavery and human trafficking and to ensure they are not taking place within our business and
our supply chain.
Learn More
Pay Equity Statement
This statement provides information regarding our gender and race pay gaps.
Statement on Policy Engagement and Political Participation
Goldman Sachs has policies and procedures governing the political activities of the firm, our
political action committee and our employees.
Learn More
Federal Lobbying Costs
Access our quarterly disclosure of U.S. federal lobbying costs (paid directly and through trade
associations) and the issues to which our lobbying efforts relate pursuant to the Lobbying
Disclosure Act.
Sachs
Vendor
Codeworks
of Conduct
We useGoldman
to make
sure our website
properly, to
complyAll
with
obligations
that apply
to us andproducts
for security
vendors
engaged
in providing
and
services to Goldman Sachs are expected to
act in accordance with our code of conduct.
mind at any time, see our
.
Anti-Money Laundering Program
Goldman Sachs is committed to combating money laundering, terrorist financing, securities
fraud and other financial crimes.
Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption
The firm does not tolerate bribery or corruption involving our people, vendors, agents, or
other business partners.
Business Principles
More than four decades after they were put down on paper, Goldman Sachs’ 14 Business
Principles continue to be elemental to the firm’s identity and the common set of values
shared by its employees around the globe.
Business Standards Committee
In May 2010, we created our Business Standards Committee to conduct an extensive review
of our business standards and practices. The Committee’s report represents our commitment
to communicate the changes we have made – and continue to make – and their impact in
making us a better firm.
comply with obligations that apply to us and for security purposes.
Statement on Tax Compliance
We'd also
to use optional
cookieson
forGoldman
advertising
Thislike
statement
provides
further detail
Sachs policy regarding tax compliance.
mind at any time, see our
Our weekly newsletter delivers the latest insights on economic forces shaping markets—from
Goldman Sachs leaders, economists, and investors around the world.
Email
Enter your email
CAREERS
RESOURCES
OUR BUSINESSES
Terms & Conditions
comply with obligations that apply to us and for security purposes.
Security & Fraud Awareness
Regulatory Disclosures
mind at any time, see our