Search
Menu
Find Care
Back to About Humana
Humana’s social and environmental impact
Humana is focused on improving the health of individuals, their communities, the healthcare
system and the environment we all share. For 2025, this is our report card.
Explore our 2025 Impact Report
Our impact focus areas
Each person
Each community
The healthcare
The
system
environment
We put people first, working to make it easier for the millions of people we serve to
achieve their best health.
Humana's impact on people is measured in these environmental, social and
governance (ESG) metrics categories:
Access to healthcare
Product quality & safety
Talent & diversity
Explore our people impact
Our impact by the numbers
8 million members
We helped nearly 8 million Humana members access the right care at the right time, reducing
avoidable hospitalizations, through our commitment to value-based care .
905,500 screenings
These screenings identify social determinants of health - where people live, work, play and
age - so we can match people with resources through our Community Navigator
program.
321,300 volunteer hours
We gave our time and treasure - 321,300 hours and more than $6 million in employee
contributions.
350 clinics
We operate 350 CenterWell Primary Care
clinics across 15 states. In 2025 we used AI
tools to cut clinician documentation time by 69%, making more time for patients.
$12 million in grants
The Humana Foundation
invested more than $12 million in grants to programs that
support vulnerable communities.
$23 million
We invested $23 million in our employees through tuition assistance and reimbursement
and certifications to support their education and upskilling.
How we create impact
Humana’s approach to impact is aligned with how we run our business.
We work across insurance, care delivery and health services to support coordinated care,
improve quality, and manage costs. Through CenterWell
, offering primary care, home
health, and pharmacy services, we deliver integrated care experiences and better outcomes.
We prioritize areas where we have scale, expertise and a long-term focus, setting clear priorities
and tracking progress thoughtfully.
Explore full 2025 Impact Report
How we measure our impact
We use five key measure categories to ensure consistency and transparency in our impact
work. These categories help us track progress each year and apply to our main focus areas:
people, communities, the healthcare system and the environment.
See the full scope of this report
.
Access to healthcare
Data privacy & protection
Environmental impact
Product quality & safety
Talent & diversity
Reporting and transparency
We’re proud to share information about our impact to support transparency and accountability.
Our reporting reflects applicable regulatory requirements, evolving stakeholder expectations
and our commitment to providing clear, responsible information.
2025 Humana Impact Report
ESG disclosures and assurance
Governance and oversight information
2024 Humana Impact Report
About Us
About Humana
Contact Us
Humana’s Impact
Careers
Member Support
Humana Member Rights
Complaints & Appeals
Emergency Resources
Transparency in Coverage
Legal
Privacy Practices
Your Privacy Choices
Disclaimers & Licensure
Accessibility
System Requirements
Fraud, Waste & Abuse
Last Updated: 04/08/2026