IBM Responsibility
IBM Impact
IBM aspires to be the catalyst that makes the world work better.
Dedicated to making a difference
At IBM, we combine our talent, technology and community of partners and leaders to create positive change. Our commitment to innovation and collaboration empowers us to tackle pressing challenges and improve lives in communities around the world.
Our focus areas
Community development
IBM invests in skills, innovation and service to expand opportunity and strengthen communities around the world.
Explore community development
Governance
IBM upholds strong governance through ethical practices, transparency and accountability across our business.
Explore governance
Talent
IBM takes deliberate actions to develop a skilled, inclusive workforce and foster a culture of growth and well-being.
Explore talent
Environment
IBM continues to take deliberate actions to drive real results for environmental responsibility.
Explore environment
Data and policies
Explore information related to IBM’s Responsible Business.
Explore data and policies
Stories of impact
Samariy Howard
He used IBM SkillsBuild to earn 15 credentials, gain career experience and open new opportunities. He now helps others build job-ready skills as an instructor.
Watch Samariy’s video
Alexandros Korkovelos
He is driving efforts to build solutions that enable data-driven energy and infrastructure interventions in developing economies.
Read Alexandros' story
Kim Cook-Boyd
Raised to believe she could make the world a better place, Kim turns that belief into reality through community volunteering.
Read Kim's story
Awards
America’s Most Responsible Companies 2026
IBM was ranked as a top responsible company in America by Newsweek
Gartner® AI Governance Platforms Magic Quadrant™
IBM has been recognized as a Leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for AI Governance Platforms
TrustRadius Top Rated Awards 2026
22 IBM products have been named TrustRadius 2026 Top Rated Award winners
Platinum Green Lease Leader 2026
IBM received the Platinum Recognition – Tenant
Most Trustworthy Companies in America 2025
IBM was ranked as a top trustworthy company in America by Newsweek
Most Reliable Companies in America 2025
IBM was ranked as a top reliable company in America by Newsweek
AI Impact Award 2025
IBM was recognized for Best Outcome in Energy Infrastructure
Most Innovative Computing Company 2025
For growing the quantum computing ecosystem with partners that can broaden access to a large developer community