Confirm My Choices
Reject All Non-Essential
collect browsing and activity information, including limited personal information,
and track your interactions with this website. We and these third parties use
website features and functionality, analyze, and improve website performance,
personalize user experiences, and reach you with more relevant content and
advertisements. Your interactions with this website will be recorded, tracked,
Sustainability at ICE
technologies such as chatbots. Anything you input to this website is subject to
being recorded and stored by us or third parties for the purposes stated above.
Connecting data, technology and expertise to enable
sustainable decisions
We design, build and operate digital networks that provide transparency across asset classes to customers around the
world. Through this work, we connect people and create opportunity. Our approach to actively manage sustainability
begins at the top and is integrated throughout our organization.
Approach
Our approach to managing sustainable risks and opportunities includes strong oversight and
cross-company collaboration.
Management
Our overall strategy is guided by a Sustainability Governance Committee comprised
of senior officials from across the company.
Stakeholder engagement
We believe that the success of our business relies on our ability to deliver on our
purpose as a company for each of our major stakeholders.
Reporting
We began disclosing our sustainability efforts in 2016 and have continued to evolve
collect browsing and activity information, including limited personal information,
and refine our reporting each year.
and track your interactions with this website. We and these third parties use
website features and functionality, analyze, and improve website performance,
personalize user experiences, and reach you with more relevant content and
advertisements. Your interactions with this website will be recorded, tracked,
technologies such as chatbots. Anything
you input
to thismanagement
website is subject to
Supply
chain
being recorded and stored by us or third parties for the purposes stated above.
Share My
Information”
in our
theown
footer
of the website
In addition
to Personal
the actions
we take within
business,
we monitor the impact we
can have through our supply chain.
LEARN MORE
Areas of Focus
We believe it’s important to focus on the areas where we have a unique perspective and an ability
to make a material difference. To ensure we fully understand the views of our stakeholders we
conduct materiality assessments to gather feedback from our employees, customers, investors,
suppliers and communities. Based on this input, the most critical sustainability matters for both
our business and our stakeholders, are:
Human capital management
Our people are our greatest asset and fostering a diverse, engaged workforce is more
important than ever.
Learn more
collect browsing and activity information, including limited personal information,
and track your interactions with this website. We and these third parties use
Risk management
website features and functionality, analyze, and improve website performance,
From cybersecurity to operational resiliency to regulatory compliance, risk
personalize user experiences, and reach you with more relevant content and
management has been at the heart of how we operate.
advertisements. Your interactions with this website will be recorded, tracked,
technologies such as chatbots. Anything you input to this website is subject to
being recorded and stored by us or third parties for the purposes stated above.
Environmental risks and opportunities
We are addressing the impact of climate-related risks on our business and we
consider environmental risks and opportunities across our operations and products.
Have a question?
CONTACT US