
Resources & Downloads
From the soil to the table, our
products reflect the care,
expertise, and responsibility we
bring to nourishing people
around the world.
A LETTER FROM OUR GLOBAL CHIEF PROCUREMENT & SUSTAINABILITY OFFICER
Our sustainability journey at Kraft Heinz has been one of continuous learning and discovery. Since setting our first companywide
sustainability targets in 2020, we’ve learned a great deal about how we maximize impact, drive growth, and meet consumers’ needs
now and in the future. By the end of 2026, we’ll share our progress toward our 2025 targets and aspirations. We have been hard at
work developing the strategy to guide us through our next chapter.
While we had planned on releasing a set of new science-based and time-bound targets in key areas, our Company’s planned
separation into two independent, industry-leading companies in the second half of 2026 means that we cannot be so prescriptive at
this stage. This does NOT mean we are slowing down. Our goal remains clear: to give consumers food that makes them feel good
while staying true to our roots in agriculture.
Our vision for sustainability is clear and grounded in three core pillars:
site experience. To provide you with an
optimal digital experience, we share
information about your use of this site with
our analytics and advertising partners. Click
information, please review our Privacy
Policy.
People
We believe that caring for people means supporting their well-being, livelihoods and growth – within our Company and across
Reject All
our broader value chain. With a global workforce of over 36,000 employees and countless value chain partners, many incredible
people help bring our products to life each day. And we’re committed to helping them prosper.
Product
We’re proud to help feed the world. We believe good food should help people feel good. We take our role in helping consumers
live more balanced and healthy lives seriously by providing options that fit their lifestyles. We are also committed to increasing
access to healthier foods for people in underserved communities.
Planet
We’re a company with a rich agricultural heritage that knows our products are only as good as the ingredients that go into
them. Caring for the land is caring for our future. That’s why we’re working hand in hand with farmers to improve regenerative
agricultural practices, investing in our plants to cut our carbon emissions and partnering across our value chain to improve
packaging circularity.
In the months ahead, our work will center on ten priority areas – the building blocks that will help ensure both new companies are
well positioned and ready to deliver meaningful sustainability impact:
WORKFORCE
site experience. To provide you with an
Looking after our people in our workforce
optimal digital experience, we share
drive
business. By keeping them empowered and supported, we build a stronger organization with a thriving workforce.
information aboutOur
yourpeople
use of this
siteour
with
our analytics and advertising partners. Click
information, please review our Privacy
Policy.
LIVELIHOODS
Support people across our value chain
The people behind our products are essential partners to our business. By supporting their well-being, families, and communities, we help everyone thrive.
PORTFOLIO EVOLUTION
Improve nutrition & optimize ingredients
We believe good food should make people feel good. By addressing public health challenges, we can give our consumers better options.
ACCESS
Bring our healthier options to underserved consumers
We believe that good food should be within reach, no matter who you are or where you live.
CARBON
Drive towards net zero
We have a responsibility to address the challenge of climate change. And, what’s more, climate change has a direct impact on food companies.
WASTE
Reduce waste to landfill
Creating less waste means we can be more efficient with the resources we use across our enterprise.
PACKAGING
site experience. To provide you with an
optimal digital experience, we share
Contribute to improvements in recycling infrastructure
information about your use of this site with
our analytics and advertising partners.
Click
Recycling
is a key process that keeps packaging out of landfills, but it requires a solid infrastructure to really work.
information, please review our Privacy
WATER
Improve our water usage
Water is essential to our business, from growing ingredients to making products in our plants. Protecting water where it faces most risk is vital.
PACKAGING
Reduce our use of virgin plastic
Packaging significantly contributes to overall emissions. Using less plastic improves our footprint and creates a more sustainable business.
AGRICULTURE
Help raise standards for better outcomes
Agriculture underpins everything we do and protecting our supply chain not only protects the health of the planet but also the quality of our ingredients.
Our journey is far from over, but our direction is focused. Together with our employees, partners and communities across the globe,
we’ll keep driving progress that makes life delicious for people, for the planet, and for generations to come.
Janelle Aydin
Global Chief Procurement & Sustainability Officer
The Kraft Heinz Company
site experience. To provide you with an
optimal digital experience, we share
| Global Websites | Contact Us | Phishing Alert | EEO | Accessibility Assistance |
Political Activity | California Supply Chain Act | No Surprises Act Notice
information
about
your
useofofMy
thisSensitive
site with Personal Information
Limit
the
Use
our analytics and advertising partners. Click
information, please review our Privacy