Environmental Social Governance | KLA
Global Impact
KLA’s ESG strategy is built around four strategic pillars: opportunity, innovation, environmental stewardship and leadership. Within these pillars, specific focus areas and objectives help us prioritize ESG investments and drive progress across our value chain, from our people and operations to our products, services and partnerships.
Our near-term, science-based Scope 1, 2 and 3 targets have been validated by the SBTi.
Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions 50% by 2030 from a 2021 base year
Reduce Scope 3 GHG emissions from the use of sold products 52% per billion transistors inspected, measured or processed within the same timeframe
Our Areas of Impact
Leadership
2025
named one of America’s Most Responsible Companies by Newsweek
We are proud to have been named one of America’s most responsible companies.
Innovation
$5.26B
invested in R&D over the past 4 years
Through significant investment in research and development, KLA leverages our unique ideas, collaborative teams and passion for excellence to advance innovation and tackle our customers’ most complex problems.
Opportunity
$8.1M
total community giving in 2025
We strive to help build a world where everyone can reach their full potential. That means keeping our employees healthy and happy, fostering an ethical and inclusive culture, strengthening our communities, and ensuring that we uphold human rights and safe working conditions across our supply chain.
Stewardship
72%
renewable electricity in 2025
We are working to reduce the carbon footprint of our energy consumption by using and enabling more low-carbon energy and by reducing our overall energy consumption through site-level energy audits that identify opportunities to improve energy efficiency.
Our Commitment to Sustainability
We believe the future of the semiconductor industry is one in which innovation and sustainability are inextricably intertwined. This will require work on a scale that ranges from microscopic to global – a combination of deep science, technical problem-solving and collaboration across the value chain. As a company that has built its business on tackling complex challenges, we are committed to keep looking for – and leading with – solutions that will take us forward.
Our approach to sustainability is grounded in the belief that a relentless drive to innovate and improve can have a profound impact on our business, customers and the industry.  KLA enables evolution and innovation in the data era across key industries, including automotive, mobile and data center by providing customers with comprehensive process control and process-enabling solutions for semiconductor manufacturing.
In 2024, KLA received approval from the Science Based Target initiative (SBTi) for our near-term, science-based targets covering Scope 1, 2 and 3.
In addition to our SBTi validated targets, KLA continues to demonstrate meaningful progress to achieving 100% renewable electricity by 2030 across our global operations and aims to achieve net-zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2050.
Global Impact Report
At KLA, sustainability is embedded in everything we do. Since 1976, we’ve helped customers increase yield and reduce waste through advanced process control in semiconductor manufacturing.
We believe innovation and impact go hand in hand. Our 2025 Global Impact Report outlines the progress we’ve made — not only in advancing semiconductor technology, but also in progressing on our commitment to sustainability and global responsibility.
Read the Report
KLA Foundation
KLA Foundation is committed to investing in the global communities where KLA operates by expanding access to high quality education and supporting community- centered solutions that help people thrive. We partner with organizations that understand local needs and empower KLA employees to turn their generosity into meaningful impact around the world.
Read More
ESG Resources
CDP Report
CDP is a not-for-profit charity that runs the global disclosure system for investors, companies, cities, states, and regions to manage their environmental impacts. Our annual CDP report discloses how we measure and manage our risks and opportunities related to climate change and water security.
2026 CDP Report will be published after submission to CDP in September
2025 Climate Change and
Water Security
Read the Report
KLA’s Global Human Rights Standards
At KLA, we are committed to upholding the human rights and dignity of all people. Working ethically and complying with our legal obligations have always been central to the way we conduct business.
Read the Standards
UK Modern Slavery Act (2025)
KLA’s Water & Waste Policy
KLA’s Water & Waste Policy guides our water stewardship and waste reduction strategies.
Read the Policy
Want to learn more?
Contact Us
If you are a current KLA Employee, please apply through the KLA Intranet on My Access.
Exit