Healthy
Lives
Mission
2025 Sustainability Report
Introduction
Feature Stories
Healthy People
Table of
contents
Healthy Planet
Healthy Products
Metrics
Appendix
Introduction
3
Healthy Planet
37
Message from our CEO
3
Climate
About Kenvue
4
Climate Transition Plan
38-46
About this report
5
Nature
47-49
Waste and water
50-52
37
Healthy Lives Mission
6
Everyday care in action
6
Healthy Products
53
Goals and commitments
7
Product quality and consumer safety
53-57
Sustainable product innovation
58-60
Packaging solutions
61-63
Ethics and compliance
64-65
Metrics
66
Data tables
67-76
SASB and GRI tables
77-84
Appendix
85
Data definitions
86-93
Delivering our sustainability strategy
8-9
Feature Stories
10
A trusted partner in public health
10-15
Putting consumers, science, and technology
at the heart of sustainable innovation
16-20
Kenvue brands drive packaging wins
21-23
Healthy People
24
Working at Kenvue
24-25
Inclusion
26-28
Workforce health, safety, and well-being
29-31
Public health
32-33
Human rights
34-36
2
Message from our CEO,
Kirk Perry
Every day our brands play an impactful role in delivering healthier choices
– for people and the planet – to so many around the world. Through our
Healthy Lives Mission, we work to help people live better every day by
delivered critical menstrual health education by championing the Crecer
Libre program, reaching 50,000 students in Argentina in one month. In this
report, you’ll read about these and many more brand examples impacting
advancing positive public health outcomes, enabling more efficient
communities, globally.
operations, and developing science-based product innovations. Our
2025 Healthy Lives Mission report reflects how we are advancing our
sustainability strategy and driving progress toward our goals to strengthen
consumer trust, employee pride, and our brands for the long term.
A healthy planet and a healthy population are deeply interconnected. Our
commitment to helping people live healthier lives extends to how we work
to operate more sustainably. We have continued to integrate climate risk
across our operations as our understanding of its potential impact on
Guided by science and in partnership with trusted partners, we strive
to help people lead healthier lives. Through the power of our brands, we
leverage Kenvue’s scale and science
to improve health outcomes in
communities around the world.
In 2025, partnering with The
Skin Cancer Foundation,
Neutrogena® brought sun
safety education to more
than 400,000 students
across the U.S. In Latin
America, Stayfree®
Select 2025 sustainability highlights
our value chain, sourcing, communities, and employee health continues
to grow. Our first Climate Transition Plan, included in this year’s report,
Greenhouse gas
(GHG) reductions
Reduced Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by
41% from a 2020 base year, putting us well on
track to meet our 2030 goal of 42% reduction
Renewable
electricity
Achieved 76% electricity from renewable sources
across global Kenvue operations, keeping us on
track to meet our goal of 100% by 2030
Virgin plastics
reduction
Reduced total percentage of virgin plastics by
33% from a 2020 base year, exceeding our goal
of 25% by 2025
Humanitarian aid
Provided $50.0M of in-kind donations and
$3.4M of cash contributions, allowing us to
continue to help restore the dignity of everyday
care for vulnerable and displaced people
around the world
sets out how we intend to manage climate-related risks and opportunities
across our business. This plan also helps to inform operational decision
making and further institutionalize how we approach the intersection of a
changing climate and our commitment to enabling healthier choices.
Our commitment to healthy products means earning the trust of
consumers through sustained investment in product design and
development, and is built on our strong foundation of science, quality and
safety. In 2025, we embedded our patent-pending Sustainable Innovation
Profiler into our product development process, equipping more than
600 Kenvuers with a tool that brings science and responsible
"These achievements would
not be possible without our
teams, and I thank everyone for
their commitment and dedication
to advancing consumer health
and supporting our communities
around the world."
it’s the reformulated Johnson’s® Baby ChamomileScent Bar Soap in Latin America – engineered with
improved green chemistry – or the introduction of
While we celebrate the progress, we also look at the path forward. As we
work towards the completion of our pending transaction with KimberlyClark, we will continue to deliver everyday care for all, and our brands
will continue to help fuel the engine of our Purpose. That means staying
relevant and trusted by keeping consumers at the core of our work,
innovating to meet their increasingly complex needs, helping to protect
the environment, and investing in our employees and communities.
That’s how we help enable healthier futures for generations to come and
realize the extraordinary power of everyday care.
new 100% post-consumer recycled plastic Listerine®
bottles across Europe, Middle East and Africa, Asia
Pacific, and Latin America, our improvements are
the result of disciplined, evidence-based innovation.
That means real time data is leading to real time
business decisions.
Kirk Perry
Chief Executive Officer
About Kenvue
Sales by region
At Kenvue, we realize the extraordinary power of everyday care.
North America  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
By combining the power of science with meaningful consumer insights
and our digital strategy, we empower consumers to live healthier lives
every day. Built on more than a century of heritage and trusted by
generations, our differentiated portfolio of iconic brands—including
Aveeno®, BAND-AID® Brand, Johnson’s®, Listerine®, Neutrogena®,
Nicorette®, Tylenol®, and Zyrtec®—is backed by science and
recommended by healthcare professionals, which further reinforces our
$15.1B
Net sales1
consumers’ connections to our brands.
>165
Countries where we
have a presence
48%
Europe, Middle East, and Africa . . . . 25%
Asia Pacific . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
18%
Latin America  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9%
We are over 20,000 dynamic team members, passionate about insights,
innovation and impact. We are united by an unwavering courage to
see and solve everyday care needs by delivering science-backed, careforward experiences that are endorsed by healthcare professionals.
With expertise and empathy, we believe in meaningful possibilities for
Iconic brands
Net sales1 by segment
healthier people and a healthier planet. And we’re focused on pursuing
those beliefs.
$6.4B
Self Care
Learn more at www.kenvue.com.
Company: year at a glance 2025
22,000
Employees
84%
Employee inclusion
index score
1
27
Owned and operated
manufacturing sites
Results for the fiscal 12 months ended December 28, 2025, as reported in Kenvue’s Annual Report on Form 10-K released on February 20, 2026 across three segments.
$4.1B
Skin Health & Beauty
$4.6B
Essential Health
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
4
About this report
This Healthy Lives Mission 2025 Report outlines our sustainability
strategy, goals, and commitments, and details our progress in 2025
related to priority sustainability topics. The data in this report, unless
otherwise indicated, relates to the calendar year ending December 31,
2025, and includes information on Kenvue-owned and/or -operated
manufacturing facilities, research and development centers, and
administrative sites globally, and the products and brands we market.
Throughout the report, we guide readers to additional sources of
information on our corporate website, along with other external
website references which are provided for convenience only. The
content on the referenced websites is not incorporated into this report,
nor does it constitute a part of this report, and we assume no liability
for any third-party content contained on the referenced websites.
As used in this report, “Kenvue,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” “our,”
and similar terms include Kenvue Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless
the context indicates otherwise. The goals, commitments and other
forward-looking statements in this report, other than the statements
regarding the pending transaction with Kimberly-Clark, do not assume
the consummation of the pending transaction unless specifically
stated otherwise.
Kenvue offices
Our reporting is guided by key voluntary sustainability reporting
frameworks, including the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
Sustainability Reporting Standards, the Sustainability Accounting
the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
Cautionary note on
forward-looking statements
recommendations, and aspects of the European Sustainability
This Report contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in the
Reporting Standards (ESRS). Independent third-party limited assurance
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including forward-looking
was conducted by Environmental Resources Management Certification
statements related to the Healthy Lives Mission and its related goals and
Verification Services (ERM CVS) for certain data included in this report.
commitments. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of
More details can be found in the Independent Limited Assurance Report.
words such as “plans,” “expects,” “may,” “will,” “anticipates,” “estimates,”
This report should be read in conjunction with our most recent Annual
“intends,” “goal,” “target,” “commitment,” and other words of similar
Report on Form 10-K, our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
meaning. The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking
and other filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
statements. These statements are based on current expectations of future
which can all be found on the Investor Relations page of our website.
events. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or known or unknown
Standards Board (SASB) Household and Personal Products Standard,
risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from
the expectations and projections of Kenvue Inc. and its affiliates. A list and
descriptions of risks, uncertainties, and other factors can be found in its
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including the
Kenvue Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
28, 2025, and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other
filings, available at www.kenvue.com or on request from Kenvue. Kenvue
and its affiliates undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
developments or otherwise.
5
Public health
Workforce health, safety, and well-being
Inclusion
Human and labor rights
Healthy Lives Mission:
Everyday care in action
At Kenvue, we believe the foundation of good health begins with the world around us
Climate
Nature
Waste and water
– from the air we breathe to the products we reach for every day and the communities
we live in. As people’s health evolves, so does their expectation of how brands like ours
can help them in their journey – and responding to these expectations is what drives our
approach to innovation and engagement.
We call it our Healthy Lives Mission: putting the extraordinary power of everyday care
into action through targeted efforts that help improve the health of people and our
planet. We work across product innovation, packaging solutions, public health, and
environmental stewardship to identify opportunities to help people live better every day.
As a dedicated consumer health company, we are people-centered and science-backed:
Product quality and consumer safety
improving quality of life today while helping to build a healthier, more resilient world for
Sustainable innovation
generations to come. That’s how we strengthen consumer trust, employee pride, and our
Packaging solutions
business for the long term.
That’s how we deliver everyday care in action.
Document endnotes
Healthy Lives Mission:
Goals and commitments
Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 42% by 2030 from a
2020 base year
Commit that 75% of our suppliers by emissions, covering purchased goods
and services, and upstream transportation and distribution, will have
science-based targets by 2028
Set long-term net-zero emission targets, informed by the Science Based
Targets initiative (SBTi) Corporate Net-Zero Standard
Continue to develop a qualified workforce that enables us to best
serve our consumers around the world
Pay all Kenvuers based on role, experience, market competitiveness,
and performance
Achieve a company-wide Inclusion Index score in the top quartile
Advance community health and well-being through a culture of
caring and encouraging team members’ volunteer service
Use 100% renewable electricity for our operations by 2030
Maintain 100% Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) certification
for palm-based ingredients we purchase through a combination of RSPO-
75% of new product development, using scientific principles, will
have an improved environmental performance by 2030
certified physical supply chains and RSPO Book and Claim credits
95% recyclable or refillable packaging by 2030
Purchase at least 75% of volumes from RSPO physical supply chains by
25% reduction of virgin plastic in packaging by 2025 from a 2020
2025 and 100% by 2030
base year
Commit to zero deforestation and to ensuring the paper-based packaging
50% reduction of virgin plastic in packaging by 2030 from a 2020
we purchase directly originates from low-risk sources. Specifically, we
Help restore the dignity of everyday care for vulnerable and
aim to achieve 100% certified or verified recycled paper and wood fiber
displaced people around the world
packaging by 2025
base year
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
7
Delivering our
sustainability
strategy
of forthcoming regulatory due diligence requirements, we are also
progress regularly to the Kenvue Leadership Team. As we have built
incorporating applicable human rights considerations into the plans.
our strategy, this governing body has been critical to helping us build
By integrating these topics as part of our Healthy Lives Mission
strategy, we aim to build resilience toward risk while supporting the
health of ecosystems and communities worldwide.
momentum and maintain accountability. In 2025, the Healthy Lives
Mission Steering Committee met twice before we further evolved our
governance to align with our strategic progress.
To ensure sustainability considerations are embedded within the
Our Healthy Lives Mission has three pillars: healthy people, healthy
Sustainability governance
planet, and healthy products. Within these pillars, we have focus areas,
The Kenvue Board of Directors (the Board) is ultimately responsible for
governance bodies throughout the organization, with oversight
many of which have established goals and commitments to hold us
oversight of our sustainability impacts, risks, and opportunities, and for
on sustainability topics, to drive strategic implementation. These
accountable. Strategic leaders on the global sustainability team develop
ensuring our sustainability priorities and commitments are integrated
governance bodies include our Enterprise Risk Steering Committee,
roadmaps and manage risks associated with the focus areas, and track
into the Company’s long-term strategy. On an annual basis, the full Board
Integrated Risk Management Council, Human Rights Advisory Council,
progress on key initiatives. Functional subject matter experts from
receives an in-depth update on the Company’s sustainability strategy.
Kenvue Scientific Committee, and our Operations Leadership Team.
within the business further support our efforts and plan execution in
In addition, oversight of our HLM priorities and commitments, as well
partnership with the global team.
as reporting, is allocated across all three key Committees of the Board,
day-to-day operations of our business, we shifted to using existing
and after each regularly scheduled Committee meeting, each Committee
Integrated sustainability action plans
reports to the full Board with updates on its areas of applicable HLM
We have completed several risk and impact assessments in recent
oversight. After each regularly scheduled Committee meeting, the
years, including:
Committees report to the full Board with updates on their areas of
Climate scenario risk assessment (2024)
Waste assessment and total waste management framework (2024)
designated sustainability oversight responsibilities. For example, the
Nominating, Governance and Sustainability Committee (NGSC) oversees
and provides updates to the Board on governance, climate, nature and
Human rights impact assessment (2024)
human rights-related strategies and risks, and the Compensation and
Biodiversity impact assessment (2024-2025)
Human Capital Committee oversees and provides updates to the Board
Water risk assessment (2025)
on human capital management strategies and risks.
Each analysis was aligned to our corporate enterprise risk management
framework and focused on sites within our company's operating control,
as well as key suppliers’ operating control for some assessments. These
Twice a year, our Group Head of Sustainability shares our progress with
the NGSC and discusses any significant reports or public statements
relating to sustainability matters.
assessments highlighted the interconnectedness between many of the
Our cross-functional Healthy Lives Mission Steering Committee, chaired
identified potential risks. As a result, going forward we are merging our
by our Group Head of Sustainability and comprising functional subject
risk registers for climate, nature, water, and manufacturing effluent, and
matter experts and leaders across our organization, was established
are identifying waste opportunities to develop integrated sustainability
in 2023 when Kenvue completed our initial public offering and became
action plans for Kenvue sites. These will add to existing action plans
a standalone company. The objective of the Healthy Lives Mission
for other potential sustainability risks in the value chain (as possibly
Steering Committee was to help us effectively stand up our Healthy
pertaining to suppliers, commodities, and materials, etc.). In anticipation
Lives Mission strategy, by tracking key initiatives, and reporting our
Kenvue offices
8
Determining double materiality
Our refreshed DMA results include two topics that were not material
In 2025, we refreshed our enterprise-wide double materiality
in our previous assessment: pharmaceuticals and personal care
assessment (DMA), aligned with the Corporate Sustainability Reporting
products in the environment, and product quality and consumer safety.
Directive and the draft European Sustainability Reporting Standards.
In addition, two topics that were previously determined to be material
The assessment leveraged input parameters including internal and
did not rise to the materiality threshold in our most recent assessment:
external stakeholder engagement, as well as primary and secondary
product transparency and inclusion. While these topics are not included,
research and documentation. A scoring methodology aligned with our
they remain key to Kenvue meeting the trust and confidence consumers
enterprise risk management process was used to identify impacts,
place in our products and practices, and we manage them as such. You
risks, and opportunities associated with key sustainability topics. As a
can read more about each topic in this report.
result, the DMA deemed nine topics to be material from a sustainability
perspective (see table). These topics continue to help inform our
Healthy Lives Mission strategy, risk management, and our voluntary
reporting and disclosure approach to date.
In this report, our use of the terms “material,” “materiality,” and other
similar terms is consistent with that of GRI, SASB, TCFD, and other
standards referenced in this report, or refers to topics that reflect
significant sustainability impacts or which substantially influence the
assessments and decisions of a diverse set of stakeholders. We are not
using these terms as they are used under the securities or other laws of
Kenvue material topics
the United States or as these terms are used in the context of financial
statements and financial reporting.
Biodiversity, land, and forests (nature)
Climate change
Human and labor rights​
Pharmaceuticals and personal care products
in the environment
Plastics
Product quality and consumer safety
Sustainable product innovation
Workforce health, safety, and well-being
9
A trusted partner
in public health
A
t Kenvue, we believe the foundation of good health begins with the world around us –
from the air we breathe to the products we reach for every day and the communities
we live in. Our Purpose – to realize the extraordinary power of everyday care – helps
us design our products purposefully to help people stay healthy and make healthier
choices. These products and the healthy practices they enable are connected by
an intricate string of cultural and public health opportunities, from access and
awareness to taboos and misconceptions. And as people’s health evolves, so do
their expectations of how brands like ours can help them in their journey.
Whether it’s skin cancer prevention or menstrual health, childhood skin conditions or smoking cessation,
Kenvue brands are striving to contribute to solutions, support sound policies, and amplify education and
understanding. Brands such as Stayfree®, Nicorette®, Listerine®, Neutrogena®,
and Aveeno® are driving important initiatives that help connect the dots
between science, healthy living, and personal care behavior. For us, this
multifaceted approach reinforces a foundation of good health that
shapes how our brands evolve to support the health of people.
This is how we operate, strengthening consumer and customer
trust, employee pride, and our business for the long term, while
delivering on our commitment to public health and delivering
positive environmental and social impacts through brand
purpose programs.
Document endnotes
Neutrogena® at Coachella
Oat Nature Lab with Aveeno® Baby and the Indian Academy of Pediatrics
In the U.S., sun
care needed
an innovative
approach… enter
Neutrogena®
In the U.S., more people are diagnosed with
skin cancer each year than all other cancers
combined. Sunscreen is an important tool for
sun protection and skin cancer prevention. As
Neutrogena® is on
a mission to reduce
skin cancer rates and
inspire daily sun-safe
habits. In 2025, to spark
awareness, Neutrogena®
partnered with WWE
Superstar John Cena in
a playful campaign that
generated over 4 billion
impressions.
the number one sunscreen brand in America,
advocacy
and
improve
Liquid Sunscreen SPF 70 offers sun protection
and to encouraging sun-safe habits through our
without the discomfort of a thick cream.
protection against harmful ultraviolet rays.
In
2025,
Neutrogena®
federal
advocacy with PASS, the Personal Care
Products Council, & the Consumer Healthcare
Products Association to incorporate major
provisions in the SAFE Sunscreen Standards
Act, intended to modernize the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration’s review and approval of
sunscreen ingredients.
Through innovation, advocacy, and multistakeholder
partnerships,
is
The Skin Cancer Foundation and Young Minds
Inspired, an educational programming agency,
to teach sun safety to approximately 18,000
wear sunscreen for several reasons, including
teachers and 450,000 students across 29 U.S.
traditional formulas being too thick, a lack
states and Washington, D.C. Neutrogena® also
of awareness about the year-round need for
continues work with the Melanoma Research
sunscreen, the misconception that certain skin
Foundation (MRF) via a multi-year partnership
tones don’t need protection, or a lack of access
that aims to increase awareness of healthy sun
to sunscreen.
habits. This partnership helps MRF advance its
in multiple ways, using influential voices via
supported
Neutrogena® distributed
nearly 35,000 gallons of
free sunscreen during
2025 outdoor events,
including Coachella, where
Neutrogena® served as
official sunscreen sponsor
for the third consecutive
year, and the World Surf
League, where the brand
was a sponsor for the
first time.
Our outreach efforts included partnering with
Unfortunately, many people in the U.S. don’t
Neutrogena® has addressed these barriers
by
safe, effective, and innovative sunscreens.
building a healthier, sun-safe future for all.
forefront of sun care advocacy and innovation,
sunscreens that provide the broad spectrum
health
ensuring people in the U.S. have access to
Neutrogena® is dedicated to being at the
extensive lineup of lightweight, nearly invisible
public
mission of research, education, and advocacy
to reduce preventable skin cancer.
marketing campaigns and partnering with
Advocacy is another important lever we
dermatologists to educate consumers on the
use to drive change. Neutrogena® has long
importance of daily sunscreen use. On the
been a key member of the Public Access
product side, in 2025 the brand developed a
to SunScreens (PASS) Coalition – a multi-
lightweight formula with an invisible finish that
industry group of public health stakeholders,
makes applying sunscreen less weighty on the
healthcare professional organizations, and
skin. Neutrogena® Ultra Sheer Mineral Face
industry – to drive skin cancer prevention
Neutrogena® at Coachella
11
Working towards
a tobacco and
nicotine-free
future across
Europe with
Nicorette®
Tobacco use remains a significant preventable
cause of death globally, and Europe continues
to grapple with smoking dependence, while
vaping and other novel nicotine product use
is also on the rise. Nicorette®’s work reflects
a
sophisticated,
multi-country
approach
to tobacco control and smoking cessation
and health policymakers must now focus
to articulate our Total Quit™ goal compellingly
action, as well as plans for how to better
their efforts on supporting both smokers and
and express to the most senior policymakers
integrate support across primary care to
alternative tobacco and recreational nicotine
in Europe the need for an urgent review of the
help people in giving up nicotine, highlighting
product users in achieving a Total Quit™. This
Tobacco Products Directive to ensure it is fit
pharmacies and general practitioners as having
means ensuring access to evidence-based
for purpose.
an important and expanded role to play.
cessation tools and services, while also working
to strengthen tobacco control policies and
Vaping cessation indication in the U.K.
regulate the use of tobacco and recreational
In 2023, Nicorette® Quick Mist® became the
nicotine products.
first medicine licensed for vaping cessation
Nicorette®’s work with the European Network
for Smoking and Tobacco Prevention (ENSP)
in 2025 resulted in us having a seat on an indepth panel at the European Health Summit,
featuring the World Health Organization,
ENSP,
alongside
EU
policymakers
and
Nicorette® representatives. The discussion on
preventing youth nicotine addiction helped us
in the U.K., and last year this license was
extended to the entire Nicorette® portfolio.
This offers the 10% of the adult population who
vape an option to help them end their addiction
for good. We also commissioned and funded a
research report titled Endgame: Managing the
Disposable Vapes Ban and the Journey to a
Smokefree Future by Future Health Research.
It calls out the need for greater health service
In 2025, the entire Nicorette®
product portfolio was
licensed for vaping cessation
in the U.K. (as it has been in
Australia), potentially giving
the 10% of adults in Great
Britain who vape an option
to help them end their
addiction for good.
– one that aims to mobilize pharmacists,
policymakers, healthcare professionals, and
international institutions in service of global
public health and our Healthy Lives Mission.
In 2025, we launched the Total Quit™ campaign
at the largest global pharmacist congress, the
83rd FIP World Congress of Pharmacy and
Pharmaceutical Sciences in Denmark, and in
the U.K., European Union (EU), and Canada
thereafter. The campaign aims to bring together
stakeholders to understand, evaluate, and
prioritize the societal and health challenges
we face from the cultural shift to alternative
tobacco and nicotine products.
A Total Quit™ is when people achieve freedom
from tobacco and nicotine. While great strides
have been made in smoking cessation, we
believe that the public health community
12
Latin America takes
a comprehensive
view of menstrual
hygiene education
with Stayfree®
In Argentina, Stayfree® and Carefree® helped reach 50,000 students
with puberty education over a four month implementation period. This
represents a 138% increase over 2024, equivalent to approximately 4%
of the total target-age student population in Argentina. The program
resonated deeply with educators: 90% of teachers surveyed rated it
with the highest possible score.
When it comes to menstrual hygiene, one of
the biggest opportunities to improve health is
around the public stigma toward menstruation.
Stayfree® and Carefree® have a shared vision:
that menstruation be no longer treated as
something shameful. This work embodies a
core belief of Kenvue’s Healthy Lives Mission:
that communities cannot thrive unless critical
health conversations are encouraged.
In Latin America, we’ve brought lessons from
India, and the Stayfree® partnership with
Menstrupedia, a startup focused on menstrual
education, to Argentina. Our teams scaled
our long-standing Crecer Libre (Growing
Free) program to additional, remote regions,
expanding a model that had proven itself in
Argentine schools over several years. Rooted in
the mission to support puberty education and
improve access to menstrual health products,
Scaling menstruation
education in Argentina
the team reimagined the program’s delivery
through a hybrid approach. We combined
Siempre Libre® product distribution with an
From June to September, we reached 50,000
educational board game, a classroom video,
students – a 138% increase over 2024 –
and teacher guides packed with interactive
representing approximately 4% of the total
activities on puberty and menstrual health.
target-age student population in Argentina. The
program resonated deeply with the educators
Scaling menstruation
education in Argentina
delivering it: 90% of teachers surveyed rated it
with the highest possible score.
13
In India, tackling
the rising tide of
childhood skin
conditions with
Aveeno® Baby
India’s rapid urbanization, rising pollution
levels, and a changing climate are contributing
to an increase in childhood skin conditions,
including
atopic
dermatitis,
eczema,
diaper dermatitis, with as many as 30% of
babies requiring early intervention, according
to experts. These conditions disproportionately
affect children and require a response grounded
in scientific rigor and community trust.
Meet Aveeno® Baby, whose scientists have
spent years researching the benefits of colloidal
oatmeal, an ingredient particularly effective at
managing sensitive skin. Given the dramatic
rise in atopic dermatitis, Kenvue India and
Aveeno® Baby uses
science and research
to address the impact
of a changing climate on
childhood skin in India.
Aveeno® Baby India co-hosted the first-ever
Oat Nature Lab with the Indian Academy of
Pediatrics Delhi in 2025. The event brought
together leading pediatricians, dermatologists,
and baby care influencers to explore the latest
scientific research, real-world experiences, and
evidence-backed practices around pediatric
skin care – deepening trust and reaffirming
This kind of partnership, which combines
Aveeno® Baby’s credentials with live demos
our
by Kenvue scientists bringing the product and
established
science to life.
central to how we activate our Healthy Lives
Company’s
scientific
professional
expertise
with
associations,
is
Mission. In a market as vast and diverse as
Oat Nature Lab with Aveeno® Baby and the Indian Academy of Pediatrics
India, collaboration is essential to reaching
every child who needs care.
14
In Asia Pacific,
Listerine® promotes
healthy oral care
In Japan, we took a different approach,
Across Asia Pacific, Listerine® has channeled
climbing from 68% to 99% over the course of the
oral health expertise into programs that reach
vulnerable
communities,
shift
consumer
behavior, and inform public health policy.
In the Philippines,
we
collaborated
with
the Department of Health to advance the
government's
“Ngiting
70-20"
oral
health
program and expand awareness of healthy
practices nationwide.
Healthy Smiles Start with Listerine® campaign,
delivered
across
Asia
Pacific
engaging Kenvuers to test a program that would
promote behavior change in favor of healthy
routines. The 21-Day Self-Care Challenge
engaged 300 employees in building stronger
oral care routines, with daily mouthwash use
Part of a public
health ecosystem
program. The results impacted people beyond
the bathroom: 93% of participants reported
improved work performance and 96% said they
would confidently recommend mouthwash
No matter where or how we act on our Healthy
to others. We translated that research into
Lives Mission across the world, our brands are
external engagement with media, government,
guided by four core factors:
and consumers, turning an employee wellness
program into a platform for broader oral health
We complemented that partnership with the
advocacy across Japan.
Listerine® and Operation Smile campaign,
delivered across Asia Pacific in partnership
with pharmacy chain AS Watsons
Our messaging is grounded in scientific
evidence, establishing Kenvue as a
trusted voice.
We strategically engage diverse audiences.
alongside
pharmacy chain AS Watsons and nonprofit
We focus on vulnerable populations,
Operation Smile, which is dedicated to helping
bringing life-changing education and
improve the health and lives of children. The
insight to communities lacking access to
initiative raised awareness of cleft lip and palate,
health information.
generated donations for comprehensive cleft
Our employees participate passionately,
care, and delivered oral health education and
embracing our Purpose and activating
nutrition support, with a focus on children.
our Mission.
Our brands are helping train hundreds of
thousands of healthcare workers, reaching
In Japan, 93%
of Kenvuers that
participated in the 21Day Self-Care Challenge
reported improved work
performance from stronger
oral care routines.
millions of students and families with health
education,
partnering
impactful
organizations, governments, and community
health workers around the world to realize the
extraordinary power of everyday care. That’s
a foundation we’ll continue to build on as a
dedicated consumer health company, improving
Listerine® and Operation Smile campaign,
delivered across Asia Pacific in partnership
with pharmacy chain AS Watsons
quality of life today while ensuring a healthier,
more resilient world for generations to come.
That’s how we deliver everyday care in action.
15
Putting consumers, science,
and technology at the heart of
sustainable innovation
E
very day, people engage in rituals using Kenvue products that draw on the extraordinary
power of everyday care – hydrating their skin, rinsing their mouth, taking care of a wound, or
managing pain. Behind each of the products used in these rituals, a complex chain of decisions
has been made, steeped in science and insights, to drive efficacy and healthy outcomes for
both people and the planet. For example, these decisions must consider the
environmental footprint of the materials used in our formulas and
packaging; compare the differences in recyclability between
pumps and lids; or understand the biodegradability of raw
materials used in formulations – not to mention decisions
about the end of a product’s life cycle, where they often
end up getting rinsed down drains with wastewater or
empty packaging gets thrown in the trash.
Add to this a landscape in which retail partners and other key
customers are increasingly demanding product sustainability criteria
and data substantiation, and consumers are paying closer attention to
product contents and origins, and the importance of more sustainable
product innovation has never been stronger.
Kenvue manufacturing site
16
Sustainable
innovation by design
Through the insights provided by the Sustainable
For any innovation to have an improved
Innovation Profiler, our global research and
environmental performance, it must improve
development (R&D) teams, product formulators,
at least one of these metrics without any
and packaging engineers can adjust their
regression in the others, compared to a baseline
When we develop products, we integrate leading-
design choices in real time, so they can select
product. A baseline product is the product that
edge science with responsible design, aiming to
materials with a lower environmental impact.
is either directly replaced or most cannibalized
meet the high expectations of our customers
The Sustainable Innovation Profiler has several
by the innovation.
and consumers, earning their trust by developing
benefits over other off-the-shelf alternatives,
high-quality, innovative and more sustainable
including its seamless integration with existing
products.
R&D systems, user-centric design that facilitates
Now,
our
patent-pending
Sustainable Innovation Profiler, we have a tool to
intuitive
engagement
translate the often complex environmental and
concepts,
human health data into actionable insights for
technology that enables rapid experimentation
our product development teams.
and instant feedback on design changes. These
Built
on
life
cycle
assessment
principles
and trusted science, and with cutting-edge
technology, the Sustainable Innovation Profiler
modern
sustainability
high-performance
core benefits mean sustainability is a variable
in every design conversation – and helps inform
real-time decisions.
Sustainable
demonstrates
Innovation
commitment
to
Profiler
“science
that stays ahead” by continuously evolving its
methodologies and data integration. Utilizing
complex
datasets
that
cover
end-of-life
toxicology and life cycle emissions, the tool
incorporates updates to environmental data,
such as supplier-specific carbon emissions
factors. This ongoing investment in method
development enhances the tool’s scientific rigor
enables teams to reduce the carbon impact
The Sustainable Innovation Profiler evaluates a
and aligns it with changing standards, enabling
of products, advance green chemistry, and
product across four metrics:
future enhancements like assessments for refill
champion packaging circularity. The tool is
embedded directly in our Human-Centered
Innovation design process that our scientists
use to develop every product.
Product environmental footprint measures
the aggregated environmental impact
of a product across its life cycle using
16 categories, including water and land
use, resource consumption, freshwater
ecotoxicity, and eutrophication of marine
and freshwater systems, among others.
Product carbon footprint measures the
GHG emissions of a product throughout
its life cycle.
Green chemistry promotes the use of
ingredients
better
environmental
profiles,includingimprovedbiodegradability
and ingredient resiliency.
“Alongside enhancing
our ability to make much
more informed product
decisions throughout
the design process, the
Profiler is going to be a
key tool in building trust
with consumers and
strengthening our standing
with key customers across
the industry.”
-Jennifer Duran,
Kenvue’s Global Head
of Sustainability
formats and features that support informed
design choices to minimize extended producer
responsibility fees, promoting sustainability and
cost efficiency.
at Yale University. For external audiences, we’ve
distilled the details into a publicly available 30page abridged version open for transparency. It’s
Recognized by experts
However, a tool like the Sustainable Innovation
Profiler is only as valuable as the confidence
available here, along with ERM CVS’s assurance
report, available here.
it inspires. The tool’s methodology has been
Democratizing sustainable innovation
independently
By the end of 2025, we had trained more
validated
by
environmental
assurance firm ERM CVS for alignment with
external standards, including ISO 14040:2006
and ISO 14044:2006 (life cycle assessment), and
ISO 14067:2018 (carbon footprint of products) , as
well as the European Commission’s 2021 product
Packaging circularity evaluates how our
environmental footprint methodology. The full
packaging is designed for recyclability and
methodology, which amounts to 200 pages, has
to advance circular material flows.
undergone detailed scientific review by experts
than 600 Kenvue product developers on the
Sustainable Innovation Profiler. These team
members are integrating the tool into their daily
work. We expect that this broad, embedded
adoption will trigger a durable culture shift in
the direction of more sustainable innovation,
further advancing our Healthy Lives Mission and
meeting consumer and customer expectations.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
17
Sustainable Innovation Profiler, in action
Green Chemistry
Johnson’s® Baby Chamomile-Scent Bar Soap
Release date
Early 2026
SIP assessment
Market
2025
Latin America
Product Environmental
Footprint
Product Carbon Footprint
Green Chemistry
Packaging Circularity
+3%**
-5%**
+12**
0**
No Improvement
No Improvement
Excellent
Innovation
Profiler result*
Product story
Score driver
Designed to meet elevated consumer expectations for safety and gentle care, the soap used a
fragrance that the R&D teams intentionally formulated to exclude certain ingredients.
Green Chemistry; Decrease in the formulation’s watch list score.
The watch list score references our internal monitoring system that tracks potential future
One other thing
material alerts. It’s one of the green chemistry metric’s three criteria, along with the formulation’s
Global Aquatic Ingredient Assessment™ and its renewable origins.
*Baseline product: Johnson’s® Baby Bar Soap
**Subject to limited assurance by ERM CVS. See full assurance report here.
These figures were calculated in line with the approach described in “Sustainable Innovation Profiler: Calculation Method v1.0, May 2026”
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
18
Sustainable Innovation Profiler, in action
Packaging Circularity
Le Petit Marseillais® Peach and Nectarine Shower Gel
Release date
Early 2026
SIP assessment
Market
2025
Europe
Product Environmental
Footprint
Product Carbon Footprint
-7%**
-8%**
0**
+19**
Good
Profiler result*
Le Petit Marseillais® packaging developers are continuously seeking to increase recycled content
Product story
in packaging and took the opportunity to restage the existing shower gel bottle to increase the PCR
content from 30% to 99.87%.
Score driver
Packaging Circularity; Increase in post-consumer recycled (PCR) content in the bottle and
improved material efficiency of packaging.
Le Petit Marseillais® continues to be a brand leader in driving more sustainable and innovative
One other thing
packaging solutions. The brand was an early pioneer of refills and continues to offer numerous
refill options across its portfolio (see page 23 for more details).
*Baseline product: Le Petit Marseillais® Peach and Nectarine Shower Gel
**Subject to limited assurance by ERM CVS. See full assurance report here.
These figures were calculated in line with the approach described in “Sustainable Innovation Profiler: Calculation Method v1.0, May 2026”
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
19
Sustainable Innovation Profiler, in action
Product Environmental Footprint
Neutrogena® Hair Restore Strength + Purity Shampoo
October 2025
North America
-37%**
-6%**
+9**
-50**
Excellent
Good
Very poor
Designed to effectively remove buildup while maintaining hair strength. Guided by consumer insights,
R&D teams created a high-cleansing formula that also helps minimize hair shedding due to breakage.
Product Environmental Footprint; Eliminated pearlescent in response to customer feedback, avoiding
a high-impact ingredient that led to the decrease in the Product Environmental Footprint metric.
The pump component contained a metal spring, negatively impacting the Packaging Circularity
metric, and preventing an improvement in environmental performance as compared to its
baseline product. Kenvue continues to invest in recyclable pump technologies to unlock future
improvements in circularity.
*Baseline product: Neutrogena® Healthy Scalp Hydro Boost Shampoo
**Subject to limited assurance by ERM CVS. See full assurance report here.
These figures were calculated in line with the approach described in “Sustainable Innovation Profiler: Calculation Method v1.0, May 2026”
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
20
Kenvue brands
drive packaging wins
O
ur global approach to packaging is rooted in consumer-centricity and
Kenvue Sustainable Plastic Packaging Design principles, which mirror
the principles of the circular economy and the four Rs:
1.	Reduce. We are working to reduce our reliance on virgin plastics by optimizing packaging
design, rightsizing, innovating new formats, improving material efficiency, sourcing recycled
alternative materials (e.g., bio-based), and increasing our use of PCR content.
2.	Replace. We are replacing plastics by selecting recycled and renewable feedstocks and
removing problematic materials.
3.	Reuse. We are experimenting with reuse and refill models that will extend the life cycle of
our packaging, and we strive to support the recovery of materials through upstream design
approaches and downstream recycling infrastructure investments.
4.	Recover. We are developing packaging that is designed for recycling —meaning
our packages are being designed to meet industry-level standards to make them ready
to be recycled.
You can learn more about our approach to packaging on page 61 and read on to learn more about some
of our exciting recent packaging launches.
21
Kenvue manufacturing site
Listerine®
The
Products involved: Full portfolio of clear
polyethylene terephthalate (PET) bottles.
Plastics strategy pillar: Reduce
Background:
Listerine®
portfolio
represents the Company’s largest plastic
Impact: More than 7,000 metric tons of virgin
plastic removed annually.
Aveeno®
Plastics strategy pillar: Reduce
Background:
For
generations,
Aveeno®
has relied on nature’s soothing and healing
footprint. In selected regions, these bottles
One other thing: We also switched to a wash-off
properties to help provide care for all skin,
were made with 50% PCR content. Aligned
adhesive for the label, so it releases cleanly during
even the most sensitive. Just as skin can
with our Healthy Lives Mission commitments,
the wash step, improving the quality of PCR.
be vulnerable and require special care – so
reducing the virgin plastic in this product range
was a priority.
Next steps: Listerine® bottles in North America
currently use 50% PCR content, and we are
Solution: We introduced 100% PCR plastic
actively working to transition transparent
bottles1 across Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle
bottles to 100% PCR content in coming years,
East, and Africa, and Latin America, and 50%
where possible.
PCR in North America.
can our planet. This is why we are thoughtful
about the choices we make. We promise to
continue doing our part, learning and evolving,
as we continue this journey together.
Solution: Aveeno® is committed to preserving
the beauty of our planet by increasing the
use of recyclable and recycled materials. In
2025, the brand continued to roll out bottles
made from 100% PCR content1 in Aveeno®
Adult globally.
Products involved: Aveeno® Adult lotion and
body wash bottles.
Impact: ~300 metric tons of virgin plastic
removed annually.
One other thing: In addition to transitioning the
bottles to 100% PCR content, Aveeno® created
a pump dispenser that can withstand the rigors
of e-commerce shipping. A full plastic pump was
launched in Aveeno® lotion bottles in Europe,
Middle East, and Africa to be recyclable with
the bottle, simplifying disposal for consumers,
by removing the presence of metal which
hindered recyclability.
Next steps: Aveeno® will continue to explore
avenues to make its packaging more recyclable,
expanding the portfolio of 100% PCR content
bottles across Aveeno® baby and implementing
full plastic pumps in additional product lines.
1
Excluding closures, labels, and colorants.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
22
Nicorette®
Products involved: Redesign of the Nicorette®
2mg Coated Lozenge Ice Mint (80 count).
Background: For more than 40 years, Nicorette®
products have been helping people become
smoke-free. And now, Nicorette® is taking steps
toward more sustainable packaging while still
driving the same user experience consumers
Background: Since its creation in 1984, Le Petit
Marseillais® has been committed to giving
back to nature. This commitment is reflected
in product innovations and actions the brand
takes towards supporting the environment and
community. As leader in the shower category,
sustainability is part of the brand roadmap,
with ample opportunity to support packaging
recyclability and plastic reduction in the
category. A pioneer of refill formats, Le Petit
Marseillais® was one of the first brands to
introduce refills in France in the early 1990s for
its handwash products, encouraging consumers
to reuse bottles more than three decades ago.
Solution: Building on this heritage, in 2025, the
brand introduced a range of doypacks refills
for its shower range best sellers. Designed to
refill existing bottles, each doypack allows at
One
other
thing:
This
was
expanded to all lozenge sizes to provide a more
sustainable solution while still delivering the
product consumers expect.
Solution: Nicorette® transitioned its secondary
Next steps: This reduction of plastic within
to a recyclable paper carton and box.
Plastics strategy pillar: Reuse
usage vs previous secondary packaging
know and love.
packaging from a plastic blister pack and box
Le Petit Marseillais®
Impact: Reduction of 85% of total plastic
secondary packing is being introduced to other
Kenvue self-care brands, with Zyrtec® recently
least a 50% reduction in plastic usage versus a
standard bottle.
Products involved: Shower gel and hand
wash range.
Impact: More than 80 metric tons of virgin
plastic removed annually.
One other thing: Le Petit Marseillais® has
already sold more than 1.5 million doypack units.
Following this success for the shower range,
the brand has now extended refill options for
the hand wash category, offering new, bigger
formats than its traditional refill options.
Next steps: Le Petit Marseillais® continues to
accelerate its packaging sustainability efforts
through a broad set of initiatives, including
progressive
increase
of
PCR
content
across its packaging. In parallel, the brand is
to improve recyclability, supporting better
disposal outcomes.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
23
can best help us serve consumers around the world. Our internal team
member referral program helps us identify top candidates, leveraging
Healthy
People
the strength of our own talent’s networks.
Total Rewards
We offer compensation, benefits, and well-being programs designed
to attract, develop, and retain top talent in a highly competitive
environment. We reward and recognize superior performance and
closely align Kenvuer compensation with company and individual
The Kenvue Promise 
performance. Our Total Rewards programs are designed to provide base
pay that is competitive for a Kenvuer’s position, considering skill level,
Our employee value proposition, the Kenvue Promise, answers why team
members want to work here and why they want to stay here. Four distinct
elements make it unique to Kenvue: meaning, belonging, growth, and
rewards. And it’s very simple – we want all Kenvuers:
experience, geographic location, and other business-related factors.
To find meaning in their work and how they can impact our Purpose
our compensation programs remain competitive, and we regularly
In addition to base pay, we seek to motivate and reward Kenvuers
with annual cash incentives and equity-based awards, depending
on job level. Additionally, we periodically benchmark to help ensure
To feel part of Kenvue and that they belong here
assess the appropriateness of employee pay based on skills, expertise,
To feel that the work they do and the people they get to work with allow them
education, and tenure.
to grow and contribute to our Company’s growth
To be rewarded for their business impact
We offer competitive benefits packages, which vary by country and
region, in support of the physical, emotional, and financial well-being of
Kenvuers. These benefits packages may include retirement plans, life
Working at Kenvue
insurance, medical and dental insurance, health savings accounts, wellbeing reimbursement programs, adoption assistance, fertility benefits,
and parental and family leave. In addition, we offer flexible work
We have iconic brands and extraordinary teams—dynamic, agile, and
arrangements that enable agile ways of working and promote inclusion,
united by an unwavering courage to see and solve everyday care needs
health, well-being, empowerment, and accountability. See page 31 for
with science-backed, care-forward experiences. To support all Kenvuers,
more information.
we are committed to inclusivity and belonging and have built a worldclass team that reflects our global consumers.
A commitment to pay equity
Talent recruitment and retention
As part of our commitment to pay all Kenvuers fairly and equitably, we
Our talent practices aim to promote transparency, empowerment, and
on both their individual and overall business performance. In addition,
monitor our compensation practices. We reward team members based
accountability that enable superior performance through high levels of
we track pay reporting and pay transparency requirements globally to
engagement. In addition, we have initiatives in place to enable hiring
help ensure that we are complying with applicable regulations in every
practices that are fair, consistent, objective, and do not discriminate
location in which we operate.
based on any legally protected category.
Our talent access team is empowered with both tools and resources to
help identify and attract top candidates who align with our values and
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 24
Engagement
Learning
We value transparent dialogue with our team members, and their
Our Learning at Kenvue platform provides a single access point for
collective feedback informs the future of our Company. We regularly
personalized learning content that supports skills-based career growth.
conduct surveys that measure team member sentiment in areas such
Learning content is tailored to a Kenvuer’s role and interests, curated
as strategic alignment, execution, inclusion effectiveness of our people
from our own internal database of learning content and supplemented
leaders, and career development.
with content from LinkedIn Learning, Degreed, Meta, and Microsoft
Our most recent annual engagement survey, conducted in November
2025, had high participation, with a 92% response rate. Areas where we
scored positively include:
82% engagement
84% inclusion index
84% People Leader effectiveness
Areas of opportunity were also identified, including reducing complexity
(i.e., simplifying decision making and streamlining operational
processes) and innovation (i.e., streamlining innovation pipelines and
enhancing consumer centricity). We are working to address these
opportunities and People Leaders routinely receive key data and insights
from our listening tools to help inform action plans designed to enhance
performance and engagement.
Learning and development
Our approach to learning and development is grounded by the
Kenvue Promise, informed by data, and influenced by continuous
dialogue with our team members. We promote empowerment
Learn. Courses cover a wide range of topics such as strategic planning,
specific, measurable, achievable, relatable, and time-bound (SMART)
goals at the start of the year aligned with their functional objectives.
Throughout the year, Kenvuers and their People Leaders engage in
ongoing check-ins, coaching, and feedback discussions. The objective of
ongoing check-ins is to regularly discuss progress toward goals, identify
barriers, and explore ways to maximize performance through learning
finance, leadership, design, branding, project management, and more. In
and development opportunities.
2025, 96% of Kenvuers accessed learning modules on the platform.
At year end, Kenvuers complete a personal impact summary, and
Kenvue also provides hands-on opportunities for advancement through
People Leaders complete a performance assessment, both based on
“stretch” assignments, which allow our team members to formally
participate in short-term assignments within other teams and functions
to learn new skills, broaden their networks, and gain exposure to other
parts of the organization. In 2025, more than 200 Kenvuers participated
achievement of goals, impact on the business, and demonstration of
the Kenvue Behaviors. The year concludes with the Kenvuer and People
Leader participating in a meaningful discussion on opportunities and
challenges for growth.
in stretch assignments in all regions around the world.
We believe that People Leaders are central to unlocking performance
and engagement, and we have established performance coaching as
part of the framework for their growth and development. The objectives
for the performance coaching are to:
Support the Kenvue Promise and equip People Leaders to live up to
their expectations by promoting transparency, empowerment, and
accountability
Develop the coaching skills of People Leaders to support their
teams and maximize their performance and growth
that ignites growth, powers performance, and rewards for impact.
In 2025, we invested in the future growth of People Leaders by launching
Because, when Kenvue grows, Kenvuers grow, and when Kenvuers
a comprehensive learning plan aligned with the Kenvue Promise.
grow, Kenvue grows. We invest in learning and development solutions
This was supplemented with live leader-led sessions, increasing the
to build high-performing and highly engaged teams who deliver
confidence of People Leaders to cultivate a culture of high performance
impact. This means equipping Kenvuers with the skills and knowledge
within their teams.
to own and shape their professional development, and empowering
for all Kenvuers to grow and advance professionally. All Kenvuers set
People Leaders to develop their teams and drive exceptional team
Performance and development
performance and engagement.
We aim to ensure that team members who join Kenvue have fulfilling
careers while working at the Company, and we provide opportunities
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 25
At Kenvue, everyday care is for everyone, everywhere. We are committed
to nurturing healthy people and empowering their lives through quality
products and essential information to care for themselves and those
they love, every day.
Marketplace: Our brands are committed to developing innovative
the goal of fostering belonging and working to help solve unmet global
products and experiences that meet the unique needs of our global
consumer needs.
consumers, communities, and their health and well-being. By
leading with insights and innovation, we aim to create solutions
that meet a wide range of needs, ensuring that everyday care is
truly for everyone.
We believe that when people can count on care every day, it not only
Kenvuer Impact Network
makes them well, it makes them whole, so they can engage more fully
The Kenvuer Impact Network is a volunteer-led network open to all
with the people, experiences, and the world around them, regardless of
Kenvuers, and designed to foster inclusivity, engagement, and strategic
who they are, where they come from, or what they believe.
business impact across the organization. Each network creates an
Through our Kenvue Promise, we are creating an environment where
opportunity for Kenvuers to learn, grow, and celebrate each other, with
In 2025, membership in the Kenvuer Impact Network increased to nearly
4,500 Kenvuers across all regions (+5% membership growth versus
December 2024).
In 2025 we launched Sustainability at Kenvue,
an inclusive group of Kenvuers with a sustainability
mindset, passionate about our Healthy Lives Mission
and committed to its advancement both within and
outside the Company.
every Kenvuer can be at their best and do meaningful work by putting
our brands in the hands of consumers, empowering them to engage
more fully with the world. We foster an inclusive and trusting workplace
culture to create a sense of belonging for all, where every voice matters
because our performance depends on it. We want Kenvuers to feel
inspired by the growth opportunities available to shape their personal
journey and be rewarded for their impact.
We value collaboration and benefit from a broad range of ideas and
perspectives that help us drive innovation and deliver solutions that
exceed consumer expectations and create long-term value, enabling
Kenvue to realize the extraordinary power of everyday care. We align
with the following three pillars to foster belonging and everyday care
for everyone:
Workforce: As a global company, our workforce inherently
reflects the markets in which we operate and brings a broad
range of ideas and perspectives to ensure we meet the needs of
our global consumers.
Workplace: We foster an inclusive and trusting workplace that allows
each Kenvuer to maximize their impact on our work and culture.
Kenvue Cares Week Singapore
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 26
2025 Highlights
Workforce
Workplace
Marketplace
To build our talent pipeline and a workforce reflective of the global markets
Throughout the year, the Kenvuer Impact Network nurtured inclusion
The Kenvuer Impact Network initiated more than 15 focus groups, retail
we serve, the Kenvuer Impact Network created more than 15 activations.
and belonging in the workplace by initiating more than 50 events
partnerships, and brand activations with our commercial teams to
Examples from 2025 include:
advancing inclusion, engagement, and People Leader effectiveness
address a broad range of consumer needs. Examples from 2025 include:
In April, Healthcare Professionals and Scientists at Kenvue hosted
scores. Examples from 2025 include:
In April, Francophonie at Kenvue hosted a half-day “Québec
the second annual Student Industry Day at our global headquarters in
In honor of Juneteenth in the U.S., Black at Kenvue hosted an
Immersion” focus group that generated action-oriented insights
Summit, New Jersey. The talent pipeline event connected pharmacy
all-employee cookout at Kenvue global headquarters in Summit,
to strengthen understanding of Québec culture and local market
students from local New Jersey universities (Temple, Jefferson, and
New Jersey. The event also featured a visual exhibit on the history
opportunities. The event drew 160+ attendees and helped improve
Saint Joseph’s) with Kenvue pharmacists and scientists to explore
and impact of Juneteenth, which drew 200+ Kenvuers and site
commercial media investments, while recognizing Québec’s sugar
career paths and learn about the Kenvue Pharmacy Fellowship program.
members in the Company’s new state-of-the art Insights Lab.
shack season.
In August, Access to STEM in China inspired the next generation of
To recognize World Menopause Day (October 18), Women at
In June, our Care with Pride program brought to life in-store and
innovators by showing students that science, technology, engineering,
Kenvue hosted an event at our U.K. office in High Wycombe
online activations in partnership with four key retail partners.
and mathematics (STEM) careers are accessible and rewarding.
featuring Dr. Naomi Potter, a renowned menopause specialist.
Additionally, social media influencer content delivered engagement
Students engaged in meaningful discussions with global, regional,
Dr. Potter highlighted lesser-known neurological symptoms of
rates three to 15 times higher than standard benchmarks, reflecting
and local China leaders, reinforcing our commitment to inclusion and
menopause – including brain fog, anxiety, and imposter syndrome –
the power of authentic storytelling.
future talent development. See page 28 for more on Access to STEM.
and how they impact women’s well-being.
27
Access to STEM 
As a company that earns trust through science, we have a unique
opportunity to create pathways for individuals to consider and succeed
in STEM careers. Our Access to STEM initiative works to identify
opportunities to support both students and professionals in their pursuit
of STEM careers.
Through the youth pillar of the initiative, we work to inspire students’
earliest interest in STEM within middle and high school classrooms.
Through the university pillar, we provide valuable networking and
learning experiences, including mentoring, for learners in college and
beyond. Our passionate Kenvue volunteers organize more than 20
Kenvue at the Liberty Science Center
Access to STEM events and community impact programs annually
and build partnerships around the globe that promote more
opportunities for careers in STEM.
In 2025, we expanded our annual Manufacturing Day globally. More
than 20 Kenvue sites across six continents opened their doors to young
people, welcoming more than 300 participants for guided facility tours,
hands-on pilot lab demonstrations, panel discussions with employees,
and candid conversations about STEM careers. The breadth of our
Manufacturing Day’s footprint – Brazil, China, Colombia, France,
India, South Africa, Spain, Thailand, and North America – reflects our
Kenvue at the Liberty Science Center
belief that opportunities in STEM are a global priority.
Beyond Manufacturing Day, we work on these priorities throughout
the year. For example, during Kenvue Cares Week, we partnered with
Liberty Science Center in New Jersey for the third consecutive year,
welcoming more than 1,400 local families to explore the center’s
exhibits at no cost. The initiative was guided by Kenvue volunteers who
ran hands-on activities and explained the science behind our products.
We also engage with higher education institutions to help build a talent
pipeline of STEM professionals across the world. Kenvuers have joined
students on campus to hold panel discussions focused on providing
mentorship and career advice to students pursuing STEM. In 2025, we
participated in numerous career fairs around the world, including three
in Prague, Czech Republic, highlighting the Company’s work to harness
the power of data and technology to better understand human insights
and drive better health outcomes, engaging with many students as we
Manufacturing Day Kenvue São José dos Campos, Brazil
build a pipeline of digital innovators who want to change the world one
bold, smart idea at a time.
Career fair in Prague, Czech Republic
28
Workforce health,
safety, and well-being
Our investment in the health, safety, and well-being of our team
members is fundamental to our purpose and values. We seek to build
and that an organization’s processes and systems greatly influence
Engagement: We engage with our stakeholders, including team
employee actions and choices, and, consequently, their likelihood
members, contractors, suppliers, customers, regulators, and
of success. We have shifted the focus from safety being seen as an
communities where we operate to foster open communication,
absence of incidents to safety being seen as the presence of capacity,
collaboration, and shared responsibility for EHS.
with a focus on our systems and conditions, and on accountability
through learning and improving.
Capacity and resilience: We provide our team members and
contractors with training, resources, and information to understand
a culture in which colleagues are dedicated to keeping each other safe,
and fulfill their EHS responsibilities effectively. We engage our
healthy, and supported. We provide resources so that Kenvuers are
teams to learn from incidents, as well as normal work, and aim to
empowered to care for their health and well-being and that of their
continuously improve our processes and systems.
families, are able to grow and have fulfilling careers, and are recognized
Transparency: We are transparent about our EHS performance,
and valued for their contributions.
goals, and initiatives, and we communicate openly with our
stakeholders about our progress and opportunities for improvement.
Global management approach
We recognize our responsibility to operate in a way that protects the
Digital expansion
health and safety of our team members, contractors, visitors, and
In 2025, we continued to identify opportunities within our EHS
the communities in which we operate. We strive to comply with all
management system to streamline and standardize, reducing complexity
applicable laws, and, through science and data analytics, we seek to
continuously advance the effectiveness of our environmental, health,
and safety (EHS) programs. Kenvuers are assigned general safety
training, and we provide more robust, tailored safety training as
Workforce health and safety
Within our facilities, we have processes to identify potential safety risks
EHS position
and to develop and implement controls to mitigate possible exposure to
Our Company EHS position outlines our approach and governance of
compliance calendars for recurring compliance obligations, third-party
compliance audits, review of applicable legal requirements, and EHS
audits. Opportunities for continuous improvement are captured within
each aspect of the assurance process and are tracked to closure.
Human and organizational performance
Our management approach and operating practices incorporate human
and organizational performance (HOP) principles, which provide a
framework of looking at work, people, and the systems in which people
operate. HOP recognizes that error is part of the human condition
incorporated the use of technology such as artificial intelligence and
machine learning. This allows us to reduce administrative burden,
necessary (e.g., for those working in potentially high-risk environments).
hazards. Kenvue has an EHS assurance process that includes site-level
and driving consistency globally. Through this process, we have further
EHS in alignment with our Healthy Lives Mission and the principles of:
inform action-oriented assurance processes, and clearly define training
requirements necessary to promote a culture of safety.
Process safety
Process Hazard Analysis (PHA) is a risk assessment method used
to identify, evaluate, and control potential hazards associated with
Prevention: We prioritize the prevention of environmental incidents,
industrial processes, particularly those involving hazardous chemicals.
occupational injuries, and illnesses through risk assessment,
The goal of PHA is to prevent accidents associated with hazardous
hazard identification, and mitigation measures.
chemical releases by identifying potential process failures in design,
Compliance: We strive to meet or exceed all relevant EHS laws and
regulations, as well as our global EHS performance standards.
Innovation: We continuously seek opportunities to improve our
EHS performance through regular monitoring, evaluation, and
implementation of proven practices, and innovative technologies
and approaches.
equipment, materials, and procedures.
In 2025, we integrated a PHA module into our online EHS data management
system. Our objective is to digitize PHA to allow for key performance
indicator tracking that can transform risk assessments from static
compliance documents into living, measurable, and strategic tools. This will
allow for better decision-making, safer sites, and continuous improvement.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 29
Serious injury and fatality prevention
Fleet safety
Serious injury and fatality (SIF) prevention is the systematic identification,
To keep Kenvuers safe on the roads, we use an eDriving app that helps
control, and elimination of conditions and work activities that have the
reduce the potential for serious or fatal events within our fleet team around
potential to cause SIFs. It focuses on recognizing high-risk exposures –
the world. Through the app, drivers can participate in online driver training,
rather than just counting incidents – and ensuring that critical safeguards
conduct personal risk evaluations, report incidents, access emergency
are in place, effective, and actively verified to prevent life-altering or life-
services, and receive post-incident coaching, among other things. Through
ending outcomes.
real-time data collection, we can track and monitor fleet safety and
Historically, EHS subject matter experts would manually review EHS
incidents to determine which might qualify as a SIF precursor, a
high-risk situation in which management controls are either absent,
ineffective, or not complied with. This was time-consuming and prone to
misclassification. In 2025, we introduced a machine learning tool to help
manage and classify SIF precursor events. Not only will this tool free up
resources, but it will also allow us to have real-time data and more precise
analysis, helping us further strengthen our management controls if and/or
where needed.
Ergonomics
In 2025, Kenvue adopted the VelocityEHS industrial tool to modernize
ergonomic assessments across all manufacturing sites. Previously,
these evaluations were manual and often based on approximate
implement corrective actions as needed. In 2025, we continued to roll out
the program, with full adoption now in Asia Pacific, Latin America, and
North America. In Europe, Middle East, and Africa, we have implemented
the program in the U.K. and South Africa, with plans to complete the
rollout throughout the region in 2026.
External recognition
Around the world, local governments, trade organizations, and partner
organizations have recognized Kenvue for our health and safety
performance. In 2025, these recognitions included:
Asia Pacific
In China, the Beijing Municipal Government awarded Dabao the
Beijing Safety & Health Cup for the site’s Safety Month activities.
measurements. The new system uses video capture with advanced
In Thailand, insurer FM gave our facility the Highly Protected Risk
machine learning to deliver faster, more accurate risk assessments,
Award for demonstrating excellence in identifying, assessing, and
enabling EHS teams to focus on eliminating hazards at the source.
effectively controlling highly protected risks, and promoting a safe
All assessments are now centralized in a single database, providing
and reliable workplace.
robust analytics to identify high-risk areas. Key features include
In Malaysia, the Malaysian Society of Occupational Health and
job status reports, risk-reduction indices, and return on investment
Safety awarded our manufacturing plant a Gold Merit under the
summaries, presented through dynamic dashboards.
Manufacturing category. The merit improves on our Gold Class 1
We also introduced the ergonomics tool for offices, which offers training,
workstation self-assessments, and personalized action plans to reduce
risk. This initiative strengthens ergonomic awareness and safeguards
employees who have a desk-based role.
Award from 2024.
Latin America
Brazilian pharmaceutical trade association Sindusfarma awarded our
Latin America EHS team nine different awards during the association’s
13th Excellence in Health and Safety Management Awards.
North America
In Puerto Rico, our Las Piedras manufacturing plant received three
prestigious awards from the Puerto Rico Manufacturing Association.
The awards acknowledged our incident rates being 50%-74% below
the national average, our >25% reduction in recordable accidents
compared to 2024, and our environmental leadership projects.
Workplace conflict resolution
We are committed to fostering a work environment that is safe,
respectful, and free from fear, intimidation, harassment, bullying, and
violence. To support this commitment, we developed and implemented
a Workplace Violence Prevention playbook that provides guidance on
prevention, awareness, and response. In 2025, we further strengthened
our approach by launching a mandatory e-learning course, Respectful
and Productive Workplace Conduct, which equips team members with
the knowledge and tools to recognize, prevent, and address harmful
behaviors, including harassment, bullying, threats of harm, and physical
aggression in the workplace.
Workforce well-being
Kenvue takes a holistic approach to well-being and works to address all
facets of Kenvuers’ needs, including:
Physical well-being: Our belief that daily care rituals have a profound
cumulative impact on well-being informs our approach to team
member physical health. We reinforce healthy behaviors, enable
access to care, and provide a safe workplace for our colleagues.
Emotional well-being: We help team members feel engaged and build
resiliency through specialized emotional support resources, empowering
them to be productive and connected at home and at work.
Financial well-being: We empower team members with knowledge
and resources to manage finances and achieve financial security.
We design our programs to support Kenvuers’ total well-being, which is
critical to their overall performance and workplace resilience.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 30
The Kenvue Well-Being Portal
The Kenvue Well-Being Portal, powered by Personify, is our online
platform that enables Kenvuers to focus on their health and well-being.
Through the platform, team members can track goals related to nutrition
and fitness and join challenges that encourage healthy behaviors. The
portal also links Kenvuers directly to available resources such as our
employee assistance program (EAP), resiliency resources, and financial
management tools.
Flexible working arrangements: We capture the energy of inperson interactions and remote flexibility to perform at our best for
our customers and our consumers.
Supporting physical health
At many of our sites around the world, on-site fitness centers provide
Kenvuers with convenient and accessible places to exercise. Fitness
centers are typically open for extended hours, which allows Kenvuers to
access them at their convenience during the work week. Some also offer
Benefits
physical therapy and injury prevention/ergonomic support services. Our
We offer competitive benefits packages, which vary by country and
on-site health clinic at our Summit, New Jersey, global headquarters
region, in support of the physical, emotional, and financial well-being of
offers routine health screenings, blood work, and vaccines. The clinic
Kenvuers. In the U.S., as well as many other locations, they include:
also offers written prescriptions for fulfillment at local pharmacies, and
Health insurance: We offer coverage for doctor visits, mental
phone or video sessions, including for immediate family members.
healthcare, and more.
Retirement savings program: We design programs to help our team
meet their future financial goals, including a 401(k) matching program.
Mental well-being resources: We offer an EAP to help team
members strike the right balance between work and life, locate a
mental health counselor, and more.
Paid time off (vacation, family, sick): We know it’s important
to take time away from work, so team members can be the best
version of themselves.
Adoption, fertility, and surrogacy benefits: We offer financial
assistance and access to programs to help with fertility treatments,
adoption, and surrogacy.
Global exercise reimbursement: We offer quarterly reimbursement to
team members for the health and well-being activities of their choice.
Global parental leave: We offer paid leave to colleagues –
maternal, paternal, adoptive, surrogacy-assisted, or foster parents
– which can be taken during the first year of a new child’s arrival
into their family.
Kenvue on-site fitness center
31
Providing funding in time of need
Caring for our Local Communities
Donated $200,000 to Direct Relief to support emergency
Donated more than $1.7 million in India to help create a positive
Kenvue contributes to improving public health through our products
response efforts and ongoing needs for communities affected by
impact on the lives of women, children, and the communities we
and services, as well as our focus on advancing health and well-being
the California wildfires and the devastating floods across Central
care and serve, through health and education. These investments
through research, education, and advocacy. We educate consumers
Texas, North Carolina, and New Mexico. A portion of the funding
strengthen the Company’s community impact and are aligned with
and patients on healthy lifestyle choices and promote preventive care,
also helped mobilize emergency medical aid and logistical support
the country’s corporate giving regulations.
conduct research to develop new treatments and technologies to address
to multiple regions in Mexico following severe floods.
emerging public health concerns, conduct community health-related
outreach programs, and collaborate with public health agencies to
advocate for positive health policies. Please see page 10 for more about
our global public health efforts, led by our iconic brands.
Through Kenvue Cares – our social impact platform – we create
meaningful, long-term value for communities around the world by
mobilizing volunteerism and humanitarian aid. These efforts not only
improve health and well-being where it’s needed most but also deepen
our connection to meaningful work and strengthen our sense of
belonging. Together, Kenvuers use their talent, passion, and resources to
Donated $50,000 Canadian dollars ($35,774) to the Canadian
Development Foundation and $97,000 to the Chinese Red Cross
Red Cross Wildfire Fund to enhance Canada’s readiness and
Foundation, supporting initiatives focused on women’s health and
response to the escalating wildfire risks providing immediate relief,
the well-being of Chinese families.
and longer-term recovery for wildfire events within Canada.
Donated $50,000 to Americares to support ongoing relief efforts
after a powerful 6.9-magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of
Cebu Province, only days after back-to-back typhoons impacted
the Philippines in October 2025.
Delivering products when they are critically needed
build positive change for people and the planet.
Delivered more than 5.2 million units of Kenvue products to more
We recognize the importance of collaboration and know that by joining
than 50 countries worldwide, made possible through the support
forces with other like-minded organizations we can amplify our impact.
of more than 40 charitable partners.
Throughout the world, we work with nonprofit organizations to help
Distributed more than 59,000 Kenvue funded hygiene kits
us distribute aid, direct charitable contributions to those who need
them most, support our volunteer efforts, provide insights and thought
leadership on important public health trends, and augment our public
health campaigns.
Humanitarian aid
As a leading global consumer health company, we are uniquely positioned
to assist communities by supplying critical healthcare products during
through partner Heart to Heart International, supporting people
displaced by severe storms around the world—including Hurricanes
Erin, Melissa, and Milton in the Caribbean and the U.S., widespread
flooding across multiple U.S. regions, and Typhoon Fung Wong in
the Philippines.
Distributed an additional 10,500 hygiene kits—assembled by
Kenvuers in Australia, Canada, China, Colombia, Mexico, South
times of crisis.
Africa, Spain, and the United States—to support emergency
In 2025, Kenvue provided relief in response to natural disasters,
partnership with Save the Children US and Feeding America®.
humanitarian emergencies, and conflict-driven displacement around the
world, and took action to address hygiene poverty, including:
In China, we donated more than $200,000 to the China Women’s
relief efforts and expand access to essential hygiene supplies, in
Kenvue Cares Week Singapore
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 32
Volunteerism
Brazil:
We advance health and well-being in the communities in which
Europe:
More than 40 Kenvuers volunteered for the
we operate through a culture of caring and encouraging employee
Nearly 250 Kenvuers from seven
Bridge to Employment program, helping
volunteer service.
Central European countries
guide, support, and encourage vulnerable
Kenvue Cares Week – our annual Company-wide volunteering initiative
or at-risk students from the public
– is a unifying moment for Kenvuers to collectively advance our
education system to stay in school.
participated in our annual CleanUp Day, collecting approximately
1,500 kilograms (3,300 pounds)
Purpose through team-based volunteer activities that create positive
of litter from their local towns
impact within the communities in which we operate.
and municipalities.
Throughout May 2025, thousands of Kenvuers came together in
21 markets across six continents to support causes driven by the
Company’s commitments, logging more than 7,000 hours of volunteer
hours, building stronger connections with their communities, and
demonstrating the power of everyday care in action. This represents
four times more participation compared to the program’s inaugural
year in 2024. Kenvuers helped deliver approximately 22,000 hygiene
kits, containing more than 110,000 products from our brands to
support the health and well-being of vulnerable communities, including
those affected by natural disasters, homelessness, and conflict.
In addition to Kenvue Cares Week events, Kenvuers’ volunteer efforts
in 2025 included:
United States:
During our national sales meeting,
approximately 300 volunteers
worked with Houston Food Bank to
pack 2,660 care kits with Kenvue
products and more than 25,000
pounds of food for distribution to
1,600 community partners.
India:
Approximately 150 Kenvuers volunteered across initiatives to pack
and distribute food kits to 3,000 people facing food insecurities;
clean up 200 kilograms (440 pounds) of plastic waste from
Juhu Beach in Mumbai, which will be upcycled into furniture for
a school; and to upcycle plastic bottles into decorations for a
vertical garden at Baddi Plant, Himachal Pradesh.
33
Human rights
We believe that protecting human rights is fundamental to our mission
of supporting healthier lives. Guided by the United Nations (U.N.)
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, we integrate human
rights considerations into our operations and across our value chain,
with the aim to prevent, mitigate, and remediate risks. We work closely
with our suppliers, business partners, and other stakeholders to uphold
ethical sourcing, fair labor practices, and safe working conditions.
Through due diligence programs, collaboration, and responsible
business practices, we aim to help create a value chain that not only
delivers trusted products but also contributes to a more just and
sustainable world.
Human rights are inherent to all human beings, and include the right
Our Kenvue Supplier Code of Conduct (SCOC)—available in nine
to life and liberty, freedom from slavery and torture, freedom of opinion
languages, including English – sets forth the values, principles,
and expression, and the right to work and education, among others.
and expectations regarding the ethical, social, and environmental
At Kenvue, we believe that human rights must be respected and that
conduct we expect from our suppliers. In addition to adhering to the
business, in addition to government, has an important role to play in
expectations outlined in the SCOC, we expect our suppliers to uphold
preserving them, including by:
similar requirements in their own business partnerships, encouraging
Respecting the dignity of fair and safe work
Following the principles of internationally recognized human rights
standards, including the International Bill of Human Rights, the International Labour Party Organization’s Declaration on Fundamental
Principles and Rights at Work, and the U.N. Guiding Principles
Doing our due diligence through policies, processes, training, and management systems to identify and address human rights-related risks
our partners to cascade expectations to their suppliers, and to make
reasonable efforts to disclose information to Kenvue, where relevant.
We monitor and audit our suppliers for compliance with our SCOC,
and in support of international standards. We also ask suppliers to
share relevant data with us, including on supply chain transparency,
for example. Through direct engagement with our suppliers, we have
greater visibility into our supply chain and are better prepared to comply
with applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
Global management approach
Progress through collaboration
Our Position on Human Rights outlines the Company’s commitment to
We are a member of the Business for Social Responsibility (BSR)
respecting and promoting human rights across our business operations
Human Rights Working Group, a collaboration that supports companies
and value chain worldwide. We recognize that human rights due
across industries in implementing the U.N. Guiding Principles. The
diligence is a continuous process, and our policies, procedures, training,
working group provides a forum for members to highlight emerging
and management systems help us to identify and address evolving
human rights topics and to share best practices for human rights
human rights-related risks.
due diligence (HRDD). The group also gives Kenvue access to tools,
Our Global Human Rights and Modern Slavery Statement is aligned with
frameworks, and resources to help us advance our human rights practice.
modern slavery disclosure regulations in markets where we operate,
We are also a member of AIM-Progress, a global forum of leading
including Australia, California, Canada, Norway, and the U.K., and
fastmoving consumer goods companies and common suppliers
outlines the steps we take to identify, assess, address, and prevent
sponsored by the Association des Industries de Marque (AIM), the
modern slavery and human trafficking in our operations and supply
European Brands Association. AIM-Progress aims to promote responsible
chain. We update the statement annually to reflect Kenvue’s activities in
supply chain and sourcing practices covering labor and human rights,
the prior year as per the applicable regulatory requirements.
capability-building, and mutual recognition of social compliance audits.
Supplier Code of Conduct
In 2025, we participated in a benchmark exercise led by AIM-Progress.
Through our responses to a member survey, we were able to assess
We are committed to doing business with suppliers who uphold the
the maturity of our responsible sourcing program compared with our
same high standards of integrity, ethics, and responsible business
peers. We are taking these insights into consideration as we continue to
practices, including complying with applicable laws and regulations, in
enhance our strategy.
the countries in which we, and our suppliers, operate.
34
Human rights impact assessment and salient topics
Our Human Rights Impact Assessment (HRIA), conducted in 2024,
identified potential human rights risks and impacts across our value
chain including upstream, owned operations, and downstream impacts.
The HRIA’s findings have been used to enhance our processes to prevent,
mitigate, and remediate (as needed) any negative effects on individuals
and communities.
Through the HRIA, we identified seven salient human rights topics for our
company. Each topic is addressed in our Code of Conduct and SCOC and
managed by appropriate teams within Kenvue (e.g., human resources,
procurement, and EHS, etc.).
environmental impacts. As we continue to integrate our strategies
across climate, nature, and water (see page 37), we are also working
towards a more integrated due diligence approach that brings together
both human rights and environmental risk to support alignment with
internationally recognized expectations and prepare for regulatory
requirements including the European Union Corporate Sustainability
Due Diligence Directive.
Governance
Our cross-functional Human Rights Steering Committee includes
representatives from legal and compliance, procurement, human
resources, sustainability, integrated risk management, global
corporate affairs, the commercial business, internal audit, and
finance. The Committee meets at least twice a year and as needed
and is responsible for overseeing action plans for the Company’s
salient human rights topics, which support regulatory compliance,
due diligence, ongoing monitoring, external human rights and modern
slavery reporting rights, and related policies and risk management
programs. Updates are provided to Kenvue leadership and the Board of
Directors as part of the Board’s sustainability oversight responsibilities
(see page 8 for more details).
Our salient human rights topics
Safe and healthy workplace
Product quality and safety
Responsible recruitment and freedom from forced and child labor
Fair wages
We are also developing tailored human rights training and awareness
programs for employees with a priority focus on procurement and
other functions that may have more proximity to potential human
rights impacts.
Working with our suppliers
We work with a complex global network of suppliers that are critical
Working hours
to our business success. We manage a system for supplier selection,
Freedom of association and collective bargaining
engagement, education, assessment, and auditing to maintain our
Nondiscrimination and anti-harassment
safety, quality, and ethical sourcing standards. Our sustainable
sourcing program is intended to uphold human rights and reduce
environmental impacts throughout our supply chain.
Due diligence
We’ve also established an HRDD framework aligned with the U.N.
Guiding Principles and OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises
(the “OECD Guidelines”) from the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD). These international principles
and guidelines recognize that HRDD is an ongoing, iterative, and
collaborative process that requires strong collaboration with
rightsholders and third parties. In this context, the OECD Guidelines
take an integrated approach, covering both human rights and
As part of our supplier selection and engagement process, we
provide procurement teams with guidance and tools to incorporate
environmental, social, and governance (ESG) considerations into
supplier requests for proposals, including through standardized, riskbased questionnaires and templates integrated into our e-sourcing
system. In 2025, we further strengthened our supplier expectations
by introducing an ESG annex for inclusion in key supplier agreements,
outlining our ESG requirements, including those pertaining to
human rights.
35
Supplier audits
We conduct two types of supplier audits: EHS audits and responsible
sourcing audits (also called social audits). Suppliers are identified for
audits based on an overall risk assessment that incorporates scores
from ESG rating agency EcoVadis; the types of goods and services
the supplier provides (industry risk); and where the supplier is located
(geographic risk).
EHS audits. The EHS team at Kenvue conducts most of our
1. Supplier segmentation and selection based on risk
2. Evaluating existing audit reports (mutual recognition)
3. Coordinating audit requests
4. Enhancing corrective action protocols
5. Providing analytics, recommendations, and training based
on findings
supplier EHS audits using a protocol based on our Responsible
The refreshed program is planned for rollout in 2026 and will introduce an
External Supply Chain EHS standard, which defines the EHS
enhanced process for escalating human rights impacts within our supply
requirements for external suppliers, including risk reduction
chain. An accredited third party was engaged to support this work.
and the prevention of supply chain interruption. For applicable
high-risk suppliers we conduct audits using the Pharmaceutical
Supply Chain Initiative (PSCI) Audit Report Template. In 2025,
we conducted 62 EHS audits, including audits conducted for new
suppliers. In some cases, third-party firms conduct EHS audits on
behalf of Kenvue, or we accept PSCI audit reports provided
by suppliers.
Responsible sourcing audits. The Company engages an accredited
Addressing nonconformances
We aim to maintain long-term, strategic relationships with suppliers
and work with them to resolve audit findings and support continuous
improvement. We provide post-audit supplier support, which may
include technical visits or expert training and best practice sharing, as
well as business reviews with direct coaching and guidance. We also
track and monitor corrective action plan progress, as needed.
external firm to conduct audits according to the SEDEX Members
Where necessary, and depending on the severity of the issue, we
Ethical Trade Audit (SMETA) 4-pillar Guidelines, or equivalent
may escalate our response accordingly. If during an audit we identify
standards. A SMETA 4-pillar audit includes an assessment of
nonconformances with our SCOC or other relevant Kenvue standards,
labor standards; health and safety; management systems; human
we communicate those findings and share our expectations with the
rights; recruitment; entitlement to work; subcontracting and
audited supplier. The supplier is required to document a plan for time-
homeworking; environmental performance; and business ethics.
bound corrective actions and demonstrated resolution. If we identify a
In 2025, we initiated a refresh of our formal supplier responsible sourcing
audit program, with the objective of strengthening our approach to
identifying and managing sustainability risks – particularly labor
standards, working conditions, and human rights – within our global
critical nonconformance, we expect suppliers to resolve the issue in a
timely manner. If the supplier fails to rectify any nonconformances, we
may withdraw business or, if it’s a new supplier candidate, decline to
work with them.
supplier base. This work includes:
36
Guided by science and aligned with global frameworks such as the
Planet
Paris Agreement, the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), and the
Climate resilience and adaptation
We proactively identify and assess climate-related risks and
opportunities and integrate them into our business planning to
International Financial Reporting Standards S2 Climate-related Disclosure
safeguard our operations, supply chain, and the communities we serve.
Standard issued by the International Sustainability Standards Board, our
We completed a comprehensive assessment of climate-related risks
approach focuses on:
Climate mitigation: We are working to reduce GHG emissions
across our operations and value chain by improving energy
efficiency, transitioning to renewable energy, innovating product
and opportunities following the TCFD recommendations and guidance
to explore and quantify the potential impacts of a changing climate on
our business operations, value chain, marketed products, and strategic
priorities. The climate scenario analysis integrated short-term, mediumterm, and long-term horizons, as well as various temperature pathways,
and supporting suppliers to do the same.
to evaluate both physical and transition risks.
Climate resilience and adaptation: We identify and assess
During the TCFD scenario analysis, we developed an inventory of potential
climate-related risks and opportunities through our Task Force on
climate-related risks and opportunities that our internal subject matter
Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)-aligned process
experts assessed for likelihood of occurrence, potential financial impact,
and integrate them into our enterprise risk management, business
and alignment with our business objectives. For more information on our
planning, and capital allocation. We are strengthening our ability
scenario analysis, governance structure for climate-related decision-
to adapt to physical climate risks such as extreme weather events,
making, and the potential business implications of key climate-related
water stress, and supply chain disruptions.
risks and opportunities, refer to our 2023 TCFD report. As a result of the
More sustainable products and packaging: Our commitment to
scenario analysis, we identified a subset of five climate-related risks and
opportunities that could have a potential financial impact on Kenvue:
We are committed to proactively addressing Earth’s changing climate
more sustainable design practices and circular solutions helps
through our business practices. We recognize that healthy people
to minimize waste and reduce lifecycle emissions. We focus on
Weather-related physical damage to Kenvue-owned facilities
and a healthy planet are interconnected, and our efforts to reduce
environmental impact can help support a healthier future.
carbon footprint, increasing recyclability or reuse.
Business disruptions at Kenvue-owned facilities and suppliers due
Our strategy for climate action is centered on a transition toward net
Stakeholder engagement: Through collaboration with suppliers,
zero and is built on a portfolio of initiatives aimed at reducing our carbon
industry partners, and non-governmental organizations, we
footprint across our value chain, enhancing operational efficiency, and
advocate for policies and practices that support a low-carbon
Carbon pricing and carbon taxes
building resilience in the face of climate-related risks. It is integrated
economy and drive collective impact.
Increased product sales
into our product innovation, enterprise risk management, and capital
allocation processes, ensuring climate considerations are embedded in
decision-making across functions.
Our climate strategy is embedded in how we operate, innovate, and grow.
By integrating climate considerations into product design, supply chain
management, risk planning, and stakeholder engagement, we are building
a more resilient business that delivers everyday care in a changing world.
to extreme weather and climate-related events
Increased raw material prices
These insights directly informed our climate strategy and helped us
prioritize strategic focus areas and decarbonization levers to reduce
GHG emissions and build resiliency. These inputs formed the foundation
for our Climate Transition Plan, which can be found in the following
pages, and which outlines the Company’s strategy to decarbonize our
operations and value chain in support of our near-term targets.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
Kenvue's 2022 emissions profile2 (%)
Transition
Plan
69%
Scope 3, Category 1
(Purchased goods and services)
18%
Scope 3, Category 4
Our near-term, SBTi-validated targets:
Scope 1 and 2:
Reduce absolute GHG emissions 42% by 2030 from a 2020 base year
Scope 3:
75% of our suppliers by emissions covering purchased goods and services, and
upstream transportation and distribution, will have science-based targets by 2028
in line with the Paris Agreement goal to limit global temperature rise
to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels. This target applies
(Upstream transportation and distribution)
to all Kenvue-owned facilities where Kenvue has operational control,
5%
regardless of building type; all leased facilities used for manufacturing
and/or research and development; and leased, non-manufacturing
and/or non-research and development facilities where the facility is
Scope 1 and 2 emissions
greater than 50,000 square feet and where Kenvue has operational
4%
Upstream Scope 3:
control. The 2020 base year and all subsequent reporting years include
all facilities aligned to Kenvue’s structure upon our establishment as
a fully independent company in August 2023 and do not include any
operational or organizational exclusions. This boundary aligns with
All other emissions
the GHG Protocol’s operational control approach and reflects our
4%
commitment to comprehensive emissions accounting.
The target boundary for our absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions
Downstream Scope 3:
reduction target includes land-related emissions and removals from
All other emissions
bioenergy feedstocks.
Our near-term targets
Scope 1 and 2 baseline emissions (MT CO2e)
Our near-term Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction targets and Scope 3
When setting our near-term targets, we considered our emissions
supplier engagement target have been validated by the SBTi. We aim to
profile to determine what we should prioritize in the coming years to
achieve both of these by the end of the fiscal year associated with each
make progress toward our long-term ambition of net zero emissions.
target year and plan to publish our progress in the subsequent year.
We compiled our GHG emissions inventory in accordance with the GHG
Protocol and received limited assurance provided by an independent
Our Scope 1 and 2 target and baseline
third party for our Scope 1, 2, and 3 base years’ data.
Our Scope 1 and 2 target positions us to reduce our GHG emissions
Climate Transition Plan
Our assurance statements can be found on our website.
2
2022 is base year for Kenvue's Scope 3 target.
2020
73,841
63,544
Scope 1 GHG
Emissions
Scope 1 GHG
Emissions
136,832
Scope 2 GHG
(market-based)
60,000
Scope 2 GHG
(market-based)
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 38
Our Scope 3 target and baseline
Given the outsized impact of Scope 3 emissions on our total emissions,
a successful transition to net zero requires us to support our value chain
partners in setting and achieving their own science-based climate goals.
Our SBTi-validated Scope 3 supplier engagement target covers suppliers
aligned with our two largest categories of Scope 3 emissions, Category 1
and Category 4, which respectively represented 69% and 18% of our total
(Scope 1, 2, and 3) GHG emissions and combined represented 68.9% of
our Scope 3 GHG emissions in our target’s 2022 base year.
Category 1 (Purchased goods and services) emissions are upstream
emissions from suppliers extracting the raw materials or producing
the final materials, products, or services purchased by Kenvue.
Category 4 (Upstream transportation and distribution)
emissions are from activities to transport finished products either
manufactured by or paid for by Kenvue.
Scope 3 supplier
engagement target
progress
2022
2023
2024
Kenvue electric truck, Canada
Percent of our suppliers
by emissions covering
Category 1 (Purchased
goods and services) and
Category 4 (Upstream
transportation and
distribution) that have
science-based targets
Our long-term net zero ambition
19%
21%
28%
35%
We have committed to set long-term, company-wide emissions
reduction targets to reach net zero by 2050 in line with climate science.
We believe that our near-term, SBTi-validated targets lay the foundation
for progress toward our net zero efforts. This effort will be supported
by interim milestones, investment plans, and technology roadmaps to
ensure measurable progress.
In 2025, we participated in SBTi’s first engagement opportunity, which
involved providing input on the draft standard via a survey, and volunteered
to participate in pilot testing a near-final version of the draft standard.
Other climate-related targets
In addition to our SBTi-validated near-term targets, other Healthy
Lives Mission goals and commitments aim to help advance emissions
reductions within our operations and value chain. These goals are
Our long-term net zero target will be informed by SBTi’s Corporate Net-
detailed in the Implementing our climate strategy chapter. Please see
Zero Standard, which is currently undergoing revision. SBTi has offered
goals chart on page 7 for more detail.
opportunities for companies to shape the development of the Standard.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 39
Implementing our climate strategy
Our decarbonization pathway
Near-term
targets
Decarbonization levers
Our decarbonization pathway is underpinned by key strategic levers
Long-term
net zero
ambition
focused on our operations and value chain.
Our systems-thinking approach to decarbonization
We used a systems-thinking approach to develop our climate transition
plan. To reveal emissions hot spots and leverage points, we mapped our
2024 GHG emissions inventory as interconnected flows. This exercise
allowed us to identify the key emission sources where we can drive the
Increasing
use of
renewable
electricity
Decarbonizing
thermal
energy
Transitioning
our fleet
to loweremission
vehicles
and fuels
Improving
energy
efficiency
greatest impact.
While this report focuses on how we plan to achieve our near-term,
Managing
fugitive
Scope 1 and 2:
Reduce absolute
Scope 1 and 2 GHG
emissions 42%
by 2030 from
a 2020 base year
Operational
SBTi-validated targets, our net zero strategy will consider how
decarbonization levers may touch multiple parts of the value chain or
have systemic ripple effects.
Scope 3:
Engaging
our suppliers
Using more
ingredients to
design lowercarbon products
packaging
Collaborating
across industries
75% of our suppliers
by emissions
covering purchased
goods and services
and upstream
transportation and
distribution will have
science-based
targets by 2028
Commitment
to set longterm net-zero
emission
targets,
informed
by the SBTi
Net-Zero
Standard
Value Chain
Supporting elements
Assumptions, dependencies,
and enablers
Climate-related financial planning
Policy advocacy
Governance and delivery
Reporting and transparency
Carbon credits
Other climate-related targets
Kenvue Virtual Power Purchase Agreement, Campillo II Wind Farm, Aragon, Spain
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 40
Decarbonizing our operations
The majority of our Company’s Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions are from
electricity use. Emissions from electric power represented 60% of our
total market-based Scope 1 and 2 emissions in 2020 (the base year of
our near-term, science-based target), and 48.6% in 2025. Our emissions
These plans roll up into regional and global roadmaps for 2025-2030.
more on our governance model.
250K
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reduction pathway
2025. The remaining Scope 1 and 2 emissions were from our fleet (2020:
Our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reduction pathway demonstrates
4%)/(2025: 3.8%) and fugitive emissions (2020: 1%)/(2025: 4.6%).
how we anticipate our levers will contribute to our near-term, science-
near-term Scope 1 and 2 target and support our long-term net zero ambition:
Increasing use of renewable electricity
Decarbonizing thermal energy
Improving energy efficiency
Transitioning our fleet to lower-emission vehicles and fuels
Emissions reduction trajectory of our
Scope 1 and 2 science-based target1
decarbonization efforts and reviews progress quarterly. See page 8 for
from natural gas and ancillary fuels represented 35% in 2020 and 42.9% in
Based on our emissions profile, we identified five key levers to deliver on our

Our Chief Operations Officer oversees our Scope 1 and 2
based target. Based on our current operating model and performance
trajectory, we are on track to exceed our near-term target
Increasing use of renewable electricity
Increasing our use of renewable electricity will most significantly
contribute to the emissions reductions needed to achieve our near-term
target to reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 42% by 2030
Scope 1 and 2 emissions (MTs CO2e)
41% reduction
from the 2020 baseline as of the end of 2025
200K
Near-term target
42% reduction
150K
100K
50K
from a 2020 base year.
2020
(base year)
2021
2022
2023
2024
...
2030
Managing fugitive emissions
These levers were prioritized based on cost-effectiveness, feasibility, and
emissions-reduction potential, and are embedded in our capital planning

Climate transition plan waterfall2
and facility-level investment decisions. Increasing use of renewable
200K
electricity, decarbonizing thermal energy, and improving energy
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions (MTs CO2e)
efficiency are our most impactful operational decarbonization levers, as
they represented approximately 95% of our market-based Scope 1 and 2
GHG emissions in 2020 and 92% in 2025.
Each facility in our operating footprint has developed an individual
decarbonization roadmap that supports our near-term Scope 1 and 2
target and our commitment to use 100% renewable electricity for our
operations by 2030. Roadmaps include actions to reduce emissions and
increase efficiency, as well as consider the facilities’ energy demand
requirements, current assets, and equipment. Facility-level plans
also include timelines, budget allocations, and responsible teams,
and are reviewed regularly as part of our HLM governance process.
Decarbonization assessments may be included in the roadmap, which
baseline
2030
projected
150K
Megatrends
100K
actual
Increasing
use of
Decarbonizing
thermal
50K
Improving
efficiency
Transitioning
our fleet to
lower-emission
vehicles and
fuels
Kenvue
projects
to exceed
its 2030
target
target
(42%
reduction
from 2020
baseline)
Other
Managing
fugitive
are used to validate assumptions and identify additional opportunities.
Our emissions reductions are cumulative and have been adjusted to account for operational changes.
Kenvue’s 2030 projected emissions are calculated using a business growth of 2%.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
41
Renewable electricity target 
Use 100% renewable electricity for our operations by 2030
Our renewable electricity commitment and regional consumption targets
have helped drive significant progress in our renewable electricity
procurement since 2020. In 2025, we sourced approximately 76.2%
of our total electricity needs from renewable sources, up from 29.3%
We have a goal to use 100% renewable electricity for our operations by
2030 and identified four main sourcing options to achieve our goal. Our
in 2020. This represents a combination of electricity generated by our
21 fully operational onsite solar systems in 14 countries, as well as 13
facilities evaluate these options using a decision matrix that considers
Progress toward our renewable
electricity use goal
cost, emissions impact, regulatory feasibility, and resilience benefits. We
have incorporated these options into site, regional, and global roadmaps
for 2025–2030.
Implementing onsite solar: Kenvue considers regulatory, resilience,
and/or cost savings factors when evaluating which sites should
install solar photovoltaic systems. We also assess grid carbon
100%
100%
80%
40%
Establishing offsite power purchase agreements: We may
20%
use direct power purchase agreements (PPAs) or virtual power
purchase agreements (VPPAs) to procure offsite renewable energy.
Engaging in green retail contracts: A green retail energy contract is
a formal agreement that allows a company to purchase some or all its
electricity from renewable sources, such as solar, wind, or hydropower.
65.2%
72.0%
76.2%
29.3%
power retailer. We prioritize bundled EACs and green tariffs over
unbundled certificates to ensure additionality and credibility. Where
2021
Actual renewable electricity use as a % of total electricity use
goal
contracts procuring offsite renewable electricity. Our internal energy and
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions management process standard operating
Decarbonizing thermal energy
Asia Pacific
62.1%
Total
76.2%
biomethane, or biomass. This process includes feasibility studies,
space to a warm space.
Our facility-level decarbonization assessments include a review of
the facility’s equipment and heating and cooling systems to identify
opportunities to install heat pumps or to replace industrial equipment
(e.g., chillers and boilers) with equipment that uses renewable fuels.
More information on our decarbonization assessments and facility
decarbonization roadmaps is available in the Decarbonizing our
operations section.
Our thermal energy decarbonization lever is critical for reducing emissions
related to heating and cooling our facilities (i.e., emissions from gas boilers,
diesel generators, etc.), which represent a large portion of our Scope 1
footprint. Our key thermal energy decarbonization actions include:
we need to purchase unbundled renewable energy certificates
Switching to lower-carbon fuels: To reduce Scope 1 GHG emissions,
(RECs), we seek the ability to fully trace the certificates back
we are in the process of developing plans to replace or upgrade
to the projects that generate them and conduct a thorough due
equipment that uses higher-carbon fuels like natural gas and other
diligence process during the request for proposal phase.
fossil fuels with equipment that uses lower-carbon fuels, like biogas,
building by using electricity to extract and transfer heat from a cool
all renewable electricity instruments used by Kenvue facilities.
regions, they are often branded products sold by the individual
powered boilers. Heat pumps provide both heating and cooling to a
25.5%
and from some electricity retailers, it is possible to purchase
grid regions as green tariff programs, and in deregulated grid
81.2%
Scope 1 emissions from conventional heating technologies like gas-
procedure details our methodology for the tracking and management of
electric power. These opportunities are offered in regulated
Europe, Middle East, and Africa
and assessing opportunities to install heat pumps to reduce our
Purchasing energy attribute certificates (EACs): In some regions,
renewable energy in the form of EACs “bundled” together with
69.2%
Electrifying heating and cooling: We plan to continue installing
43.3%
0%
cost-benefit analyses, and pilot programs at select facilities.
60%
intensity and local incentives to optimize deployment.
Renewable electricity by region 2025
Our co-generation system in Puerto Rico
 ur co-generation system in Las Piedras, Puerto Rico, allows for thermal
O
energy and electricity to be produced simultaneously. Our system includes
two new, highly efficient engines that produce electricity, steam, and heat
used by the manufacturing facility. While the engines currently operate using
natural gas, they can be modified to operate using biogas and bio-methane,
should these renewable fuels become viable locally.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 42
Kenvue manufacturing site, Thailand
b) learnings from site-level energy efficiency and decarbonization
Scope 3 target); and 74% and 13% respectively in 2025. We aim to
assessments; c) expansion of asset level energy metering; and
reduce these emissions through our near-term, SBTi-validated target
d) advanced automation systems. We are also centralizing
for 75% of our suppliers by Category 1 and Category 4 emissions to
capabilities and learnings, scaling best practices globally and
have science-based targets by 2028.
building roadmaps specific for each site to keep advancing the way
we identify, monitor, implement, and follow up on initiatives related
to energy efficiency and decarbonization.
Sharing best practices: To enable effective project execution, we
have established a global best practices library to share examples
of successful energy efficiency projects across all facilities. This
library will be incorporated into our operational excellence playbook
to further embed these principles into our day-to-day operations.
Transitioning our fleet to lower-emission vehicles and fuels
Our fleet emissions represented 4% of our total Scope 1 and 2 GHG
emissions in the 2020 base year. Our fleet comprises sales and company
Improving energy efficiency
cars. We are in the process of developing a strategy for transitioning our
With 48.6% of our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions being attributed
fleet to lower-emission vehicles and fuels, including conducting fleet
to electricity use, four key actions were identified to improve
inventory analyses, regional infrastructure assessments, and total cost
energy efficiency:
of ownership modeling for electric and alternative fuel vehicles.
Conducting onsite energy and decarbonization assessments:
Managing fugitive emissions
We conduct onsite energy and decarbonization assessments at
Emissions from refrigerants, also known as fugitive emissions,
select facilities, reviewing each facility’s full end-to-end processes
represented 1% of our total Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions in the
to identify opportunities to improve energy efficiency and advance
2020 base year. To better manage these, we are deploying an
decarbonization.
internal environmental, health, and safety (EHS) performance
Implementing efficiency projects: Our facilities are planning
energy efficiency projects in accordance with their decarbonization
roadmaps. Examples of projects include upgrading to highefficiency equipment, implementing site-wide energy metering, or
implementing heating, ventilation, and air-conditioning setting and
design modifications.
Building energy management capabilities: We are enhancing
our energy management standard and processes through a
combination of a) ISO –50001:2018 certification in key locations;
standard for refrigerant management. This standard is aligned
with ISO 14001:2026 and incorporates best practices from industry
benchmarks and regulatory frameworks.
Decarbonizing our value chain
Approximately 95% of our total GHG emissions are Scope 3
emissions. Our largest sources of emissions, Category 1 (Purchased
goods and services) and Category 4 (Upstream transportation and
Based on our emissions profile, we identified four value chain levers
to deliver on our near-term Scope 3 target and support our long-term
net zero ambition:
Engaging our suppliers
Using more sustainable ingredients to design lower-carbon products
Collaborating across industries
As our net zero strategy progresses, we may identify and incorporate
additional decarbonization levers to accelerate emissions reductions
and strengthen climate resilience.
Advancing more sustainable transportation:
Canada and China launch electric truck pilots
In 2025, Kenvue made significant strides in reducing transportation
emissions by adopting electric trucks in two major markets. In China, we
partnered with Rokin Logistics to establish a dedicated electric vehicle
route for transporting Listerine® from the Shanghai manufacturing
facility to the Suzhou distribution center, covering approximately 100
kilometers (62.1 miles).
Meanwhile, Kenvuers in Canada launched a pilot program with fuel
transport to create electric truck delivery routes connecting their
Brampton, Ontario, distribution center with key customer and supplier
locations. This program covers about 100 kilometers per loop and involves
around 940 shipments annually. Although these initiatives are a small
fraction of the Company’s total Scope 3 emissions, they represent
important steps toward achieving a lower-carbon supply chain and align
with our Healthy Lives Mission.
distribution), represented 69% and 18% respectively of our total
(Scope 1, 2, and 3) GHG emissions in 2022 (the base year for our
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 43
Engaging our suppliers
Given the outsized impact of Scope 3 emissions on our total
emissions, engaging with our supplier base is a critical step on our
decarbonization journey.
To address Scope 3 indirect upstream GHG emissions, we developed our
Supplier Climate Action Program. Sponsored by our Chief Procurement
Officer, the Supplier Climate Action Program aims to enable top
suppliers, by emissions, to advance their climate action journey and
build the capabilities needed to set their own science-based climate
targets – and begin to manage their emissions strategically.
Kenvue actions
Prioritize suppliers by climate maturity: Integrate the supplier’s
climate maturity into procurement decisions and define actions
and supplier engagement approach for each climate maturity level.
Communicate clear climate expectations: Share expectations
2.	Set targets: Set science-based targets validated by SBTi.
3.	
Mobilize plans: Establish actionable plans and mobilize them to
deliver set targets.
4. Track progress: Track climate action progress via recognized
reporting platforms, such as CDP or EcoVadis.
Supplier Climate Action Playbook
To empower our suppliers to set science-based targets and help us
achieve our supplier engagement target, we developed our Supplier
Climate Action Playbook. The playbook provides insights and lessons to
help our partners implement concrete sustainability actions. It guides
companies in mapping their carbon footprint, developing sustainability
strategies, and creating action plans to reduce Scope 1, 2, and 3
emissions. The playbook is especially helpful for those starting their
sustainability journey and serves as a benchmarking tool for more
advanced companies to enhance their practices in a meaningful way.
based on maturity level and establish contractual requirements
The playbook is updated annually and shared publicly on Kenvue.com.
linked to climate action.
The Supplier Climate Action Playbook also provides details on the
Build capability: Implement sustainability training programs
Energize program, a collaborative partnership between Kenvue and
for Kenvue procurement teams and for suppliers based on their
other healthcare companies to educate suppliers about renewable
climate and sustainability maturity.
energy adoption and contracting.
Drive supplier climate accountability: Integrate sustainability
Using more sustainable ingredients to design lower-carbon products
performance, climate action, and responsible sourcing expectations
A more sustainable ingredient is one that is produced and used in
into supplier agreements and ensure their consistent application
ways that minimize negative environmental and human health impacts
across our value chain.
throughout its life cycle. This includes chemicals derived from renewable
Supplier actions
or more responsibly managed resources, and ingredients manufactured
using processes that minimize energy use, emissions, and waste
In 2025, we identified approximately 300 target suppliers representing
generation; with low toxicity and minimal risk to ecosystems; and
75% of our Category 1 and Category 4 emissions. We encouraged these
designed to be biodegradable and recyclable.
suppliers and others to take a four-phase approach to climate action:
1.	
Collect and report data: Report environmental data via a
Using more sustainable ingredients is a key lever for decarbonizing our
value chain. Read more about what we are doing on pages 17 and 58.
recognized public reporting organization, such as CDP or EcoVadis.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 44
Sourcing more sustainable ingredients
our sustainability goals and advancing collective climate action. We
We aim to source key ingredients from suppliers that implement
participate in several coalitions aimed at addressing climate challenges
specific practices to reduce the GHG emissions associated with our
across industries and implementing sustainable practices, including
ingredients and support carbon sequestration in soil and forests. To
the WWF Climate Business Network, WWF Renewable Thermal
achieve this, we seek to collaborate with suppliers represented in
Collaborative, and Forum for the Future Climate and Health Coalition.
our supplier engagement decarbonization lever. Our Supplier Code of
Carbon credits
Conduct and Position on Sustainable Sourcing support and share our
We are actively working to reduce our carbon footprint through an
expectation that Kenvue suppliers operate in a more sustainable and
SBTi-validated approach and are committed to achieving near-term
environmentally responsible manner. For example, palm oil plantations
targets without the use of carbon credits. This approach aligns with
have expanded in recent decades to meet growing global demand,
best practices outlined in SBTi’s Corporate Net-Zero Standard, which
raising stakeholder concerns about palm oil cultivation and its links
prioritizes direct emissions reductions before offsetting residual
to the destruction of forests and peatlands, which act as carbon sinks
emissions. However, we acknowledge that carbon credits may play a role
and play an important role in mitigating climate change. While Kenvue
in meeting our long-term commitments, aligning with a strategy that
only sources a very small amount of palm oil derivatives, we see an
prioritizes direct emission reductions while reserving credits for residual,
opportunity to do so responsibly and with an objective to help protect
unavoidable emissions. We will evaluate high-quality, nature- and
biodiversity, and reduce emissions associated with deforestation. Read
more about our approach to palm on page 48.
technology-based removals for residual emissions, ensuring they meet
Innovating toward less carbon-intensive
product formats and formulations
Climate-related financial planning
We created the Sustainable Innovation Profiler to enhance the
Delivering our Climate transition plan will require investment in
development of less-carbon intensive products. This tool allows for the
operational expenditures and capital expenditures. A portion of our
assessment of the environmental performance of product prototypes
annual operations capital expenditure budget is planned to support
against four scientific principles: product environmental footprint;
decarbonization and climate resilience-building initiatives, including
product carbon footprint; green chemistry; and packaging circularity.
projects that improve energy efficiency, advance decarbonization, and
Read more about our actions to decarbonize our ingredients and deliver
enhance energy independence and resources optimization.
recognized standards for permanence and additionality.
lower-carbon product formats and formulations on page 58 and 59.
to keep materials in use and out of waste streams are critical levers
to reduce our Scope 3, Category 1 (Purchased goods and services)
emissions, including forestry, land use, and agricultural activities
with the Ellen MacArthur Foundation’s Global Commitment, to which
commitment to integrate climate solutions into our business strategy.
Kenvue is a signatory. Read more about our efforts to reduce the impact
of our packaging on pages 61 and 62.
emissions (FLAG). Our packaging goals and commitments help support
Collaborating across industries
GHG emissions reductions and our plastics commitments are aligned
We recognize the critical role of collaboration in driving progress toward
development; however, we aim to identify and track spending aligned
with our climate transition plan, helping demonstrate our financial
Minimizing our plastic footprint, sourcing certified or verified recycled
paper and wood fiber packaging, and advancing circular solutions
Our net zero strategy and its financial resourcing plan are still in
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 45
Policy advocacy
In alignment with our Code of Conduct, Kenvue is committed to
responsible and transparent engagement with policymakers and
regulators worldwide. Our public policy advocacy is guided by the same
principle that underpins our Healthy Lives Mission: advancing the wellbeing of people and the planet.
We advocate for evidence-based policies that support access to selfcare, reduce environmental impact, and foster innovation in consumer
health. Our advocacy efforts also support harmonization of climate
disclosures, circular economy legislation, and incentives for renewable
energy adoption. As part of our advocacy efforts, we engage directly
with policymakers and indirectly through trade associations. We
regularly review trade association policy positions and when we do
not agree, we make our position known through our representatives
within those associations, as well as through other public disclosures if
relevant to our stakeholders and company advocacy efforts.
on page 58. We also provide training for our packaging engineers,
and commitments, and are aligned with the voluntary Ellen
grounded in principles of circularity and reduced emissions. Learn
MacArthur Foundation’s Global Commitment to advance a
more on page 17.
circular economy for plastic packaging. We also engage with
FHCP on standards for substantiation of climate-related claims
and anti-greenwashing provisions for consumer communications
related to climate action, emissions reductions, and product
environmental performance.
Governance and delivery
Board oversight
The Kenvue Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for oversight
of our sustainability impacts, risks, and opportunities, and oversees
the integration of our priorities and commitments, including those
related to climate, into the Company’s long-term strategy. This includes
oversight of climate-related financial risks, as outlined in our TCFD
report. The Board also receives an in-depth update on our Healthy Lives
We engage with the following trade associations on climate policy and
Mission priorities, including climate. More details about Board oversight,
issues given the alignment between their positions on climate and our
including individual committee responsibilities, can be found on page 8
Healthy Lives Mission.
and in the Company’s 2026 Proxy Statement.
European Brands Association (AIM®): AIM® represents
manufacturers of branded consumer goods in Europe on key
issues, including sustainability and advancing the goal of the Paris
Agreement, that affect how brands design, distribute, and market
their brands. Our engagement with AIM® has largely focused on the
European Union’s Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive
(CSDDD), Empowering Consumers for the Green Transition
Management’s role and responsibilities
Our Chief Executive Officer and relevant members of our
leadership team have reviewed this report, and our Global Head
of Sustainability will be responsible for the delivery of our climate
transition plan. Read more about governance of the Kenvue
sustainability strategy on page 8.
Directive (ECGT), Green Claims Directive (GCD), and Ecodesign for
Building our climate competencies
Sustainable Products Regulation (ESPR).
Our Healthy Lives Mission e-learning program is a mandatory training
Food, Health & Consumer Products of Canada (FHCP):
We collaborate with FHCP, which engages with federal and
provincial governments on regulations focused on plastic and
plastic packaging, including extended producer responsibility
(EPR). FHCP’s plastics-related positions support our
This report is underpinned by assumptions related to market conditions,
technological advancement, regulatory frameworks, and access to
financing. Read more about these assumptions on page 5, where you will
also find our Cautionary note on forward-looking statements.
program for all Kenvue employees. It empowers our employees to
contribute to our sustainability priorities and helps translate them into
actionable steps for every function.
In addition, we train employees on sustainable innovation practices,
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 46
Nature and biodiversity are foundational to our products and operations
– from the origin materials that inspire product innovation and provide
hero ingredients to the clean water, fertile soil, and clean air that
sustain our supply chains. We are working to help mitigate impacts on
natural resources and better understand our dependencies to help build
ecosystem resilience through our raw material sourcing, manufacturing,
packaging, and distribution network.
In parallel, we currently focus our responsible sourcing strategy on two
The assessment and subsequent results highlight the critical intersection
commodities where Kenvue can have an immediate impact in helping
of climate, water, and biodiversity and will help guide our deliberately
to contribute to more sustainable supply chains: wood fiber (paper
interconnected climate-nature strategy, which you can read more about
packaging) and palm oil (derivatives used in some of our products).
on page 37.
Biodiversity Impact Assessment
We completed our first enterprise-wide biodiversity impact assessment in
2025. The assessment was aligned with global frameworks including the
Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD), the Science
Based Targets Network, and the U.N. Convention on Biological Diversity.
As part of the assessment, we considered our upstream impacts
(sourcing of specialty ingredients and commodities), our own operations
(administrative offices, R&D), distribution centers, and manufacturing
facilities), and downstream impacts (distribution and retail sales). Our
objective was to identify both Kenvue impacts and/or dependencies on
nature, as well as potential hotspots where potential risks might most
Preserving ecosystems in Guelph, Ontario
Our Guelph, Ontario, site has achieved certified silver status from the
Wildlife Habitat Council (WHC), demonstrating its commitment to
environmental leadership. Since its first certification in 2021, the site has
implemented various habitat enhancements, including the installation
of an owl nest box and the naturalization of landscaped areas, while
also partnering with Trees for Guelph to plant native species with local
students. Over the past three years, the site has increased its native plant
species from 60 to 95 and doubled the abundance of pollinators, reflecting
ongoing efforts to support sustainable ecosystems. Annual monitoring by
a third-party environmental consultant ensures the site's compliance with
WHC standards and substantiates its environmental impact.
likely occur in the future.
The assessment sought to understand how Kenvue interfaces with
areas sensitive to biodiversity. We used TNFD’s definitions of sensitive
locations, which are: proximity to areas of high biodiversity importance;
proximity to areas of high biodiversity vulnerability; and proximity to
areas of high water stress. Using geolocation data, we mapped our 41
sites against criteria from more than 13 biodiversity datasets, including
Conservation International’s Biodiversity Hotspots; the U.N. Development
Programme’s Biodiversity Intactness Index; WWF’s Forest Landscape
Integrity Index; and the U.N. World Conservation Monitoring Centre’s
We are working to integrate the outputs of our recently completed
biodiversity impact assessment into our overall global sustainability
strategy by combining the potential risks and opportunities identified
from the assessment with those from our climate and water risk
assessments to identify focus areas across our business. Please see
page 8 for more detail.
Critical Habitat Classification.
Results indicate that 16 of our sites are in areas considered to be
“sensitive” to biodiversity, with a subset of those sites also in areas of
high water stress and/or sensitive to physical climate risk. Findings
also show that the largest nature dependencies we have are soil and
sediment retention and water supply for our direct operations. Our
largest nature impacts are from GHG emissions (upstream) and air
pollution (downstream).
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
47
Responsible wood fiber sourcing
We purchase paper and wood fiber products for our packaging and are
committed to supporting more responsible forestry through our sourcing
practices. Our Position on Responsible Wood Fiber Sourcing outlines our
approach to support the transformations necessary to help protect the
environment and the people in these supply chains.
At the end of 2025, we successfully converted all suppliers in our
program to certified or verified recycled sources, meeting our goal
of 100% conversion by 2025. This applies to the cartons, corrugated
materials, and leaflets we purchase directly and includes Forest
Stewardship Council (FSC®)-certified or recycled paper. When
FSC®-certified or recycled content are not available, Kenvue policy
allows sourcing from the Programme for the Endorsement of Forest
Certification (PEFC). For 2025, 84% of our wood fiber packaging was
FSC®-certified or recycled and 4% was PEFC.
Wood fiber assessment
We verify our progress toward 100% certified paper and wood
fiber packaging through an annual wood fiber assessment, which
measures the compliance level of paper-based packaging provided
by our suppliers. Through questionnaires, we ask our suppliers to
provide evidence of the percentage of paper-based packaging that
is noncertified virgin, certified, or verified 100% recycled, while also
increasing transparency regarding the origin of materials and supplier
policies and practices to inform our sourcing priorities.
Supplier collaboration
Supplier collaboration plays an important role in helping us meet
our sourcing goals. We strive to work with suppliers that share our
values, comply with applicable laws and regulations, and adhere to our
expectations for environmental stewardship, human rights and labor
practices, supplier business conduct, transparency and traceability, and
workplace safety. We expect our wood fiber suppliers to provide us with
products that are:
Harvested and traded in compliance with all national and local laws
and international labor standards
Not harvested from an area that is being converted to plantation or
non-forest use
Not developed on peatland
Not from areas cleared of natural forest after December 31, 2020
Our due diligence process includes an additional focus on suppliers
located in regions with a heightened risk of deforestation.
Traceability of wood fiber sources continues to present challenges in
the industry, which is why we work with trusted partners to provide us
with the third-party verification and expertise essential for enhancing
supply chain transparency. In 2025, we became a founding member of
Action for Responsible Timber Sourcing (ARTS). The mission of ARTS
is to transform the timber sourcing sector by improving transparency,
monitoring risks, engaging actors across the value chain, and
generating on-the-ground impacts. One of ARTS’ inaugural projects
was a traceability campaign, which traced a large portion of our paper
volumes back to mills. This increased visibility will help steer our
sourcing decisions in a more responsible way.
Responsible palm oil sourcing
Palm oil is the most widely used vegetable oil in the world, mostly used
snack food, as well as personal care products. Given the increasing
global demand for palm oil, there is heightened scrutiny on the links
between its cultivation and deforestation, and the associated impacts
on biodiversity, people, and local communities.
Although Kenvue sources a comparatively small volume of palm-derived
ingredients (less than 0.1% of global annual production of palm oil),
Harvested in a manner that respects human rights and traditional
we recognize the role we can play in supporting responsible palm oil
rights, including a commitment to secure the U.N.-recognized right
production through enhanced transparency and industry collaborations.
Harvested in a manner that protects high-conservation value forests
affect the rights, land, resources, and livelihoods of Indigenous
peoples and local communities
Our Position on Responsible Palm Oil Sourcing outlines the approach we are
taking to support the supply chain transformations that are necessary to
protect the environment and the people who work in the palm oil supply chain.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 48
The position further explains our expectations of suppliers to source
palm oil from:
dos Campos, Brazil; Shanghai, China; and Val-de-Reuil, France.
Supplier assessments using the Sustainable Palm Index, an
A legal source, which meets the principles and criteria of the
industry tool that rates the commitments, action plans, and
Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO), or where a recognized
achievements of our palm suppliers and identifies areas for
equivalent certification has been implemented
improvement.
A plantation that meets the High Carbon Stock (HCS) Approach
If we identify a nonconformance by a producer in our supply chain, we
methodology, including High Conservation Value (HCV) and the
act based on the nature and severity of the violation, working with our
principles of FPIC to protect the rights of Indigenous people
direct supplier when possible, to remediate the nonconformance toward
Areas that have not been cleared of natural forest since
December 31, 2020
A supplier that protects peatlands, HCV areas, and HCS forest
A supplier that does not use burning to clear land for either
development or replanting
A supplier that does not use forced, bonded, or child labor
A supplier that respects the rights of all workers and local
communities, including migrant workers, women workers, and
practices with our sourcing standards.
Action for Sustainable Derivatives
Kenvue is a member of Action for Sustainable Derivatives (ASD),
a collaboration between companies in the cosmetics, home and
personal care, and oleochemicals industries to tackle supply chain
issues around palm oil and palm kernel oil derivatives. We support
ASD’s mission to achieve a palm derivatives supply chain that
upholds the principles of no deforestation, no peat (a significant
carbon store), and no exploitation, respects human rights, and
those on temporary contracts or in the informal economy
supports local livelihoods.
A supplier that respects and includes smallholders in its supply chain
In 2025, we continued to improve the traceability of our palm oil by
traced our palm oil to the original mills and plantations. We also
We monitor supplier and producer conformance with our responsible
again participated in the ASD-led pilot that aims to map and monitor
palm oil sourcing expectations in a variety of ways:
deforestation linked to our palm oil derivatives supply chain in
accredited third-party auditor to meet the requirements for source
material management and documentation. Our global quality
team typically leads these audits, using the RSPO Supply Chain
the information, in addition to providing guidance on how to work
with our direct suppliers in instances where grievances occur.
Riau Landscape project - Indonesia
In 2025, we signed a memorandum of understanding with Earthworm
Foundation to support the organization’s Riau Landscape project in
Indonesia. The Riau Landscape project is a collective action initiative
focused on land use planning at the intersection of a sourcing region and
supply chains. Riau is a key sourcing hub for both palm oil and pulp &
paper, with more than 175 mills supplying Kenvue.
Preserving supply continuity and building long term resilience are critical
for global commodity supply chains. Our support will contribute to
improving mill to plantation traceability and to directly engaging local
farmers in livelihood transformation. This includes training on improved
farm management practices and regenerative agriculture.
By strengthening farmer livelihoods and improving productivity on existing
land, the project aims to reduce pressure on forest areas and support more
sustainable and resilient supply chains.
working with ASD to map our palm oil supply chain. The process
Monitoring
Chain of custody audits of our facilities, conducted by an RSPO-
grievances (e.g., on deforestation and land rights, etc.) and shares
specific areas of Southeast Asia, where we source palm. The program
used the Nusantara Atlas satellite monitoring platform and showed
our Company’s supply chain is 61% deforestation free from a 2020
base year.
Certifications Standards checklist. In 2025, we added four new
Grievance mechanisms
sites to our RSPO multisite certification, expanding coverage
Additionally, through our membership and in collaboration with
to a total of 12 of our facilities: Baddi, India; Bangkok, Thailand;
the Earthworm Foundation, we participate in a shared grievance
Cali, Colombia; Cheongju, South Korea; Dabao, China; Lititz, U.S.;
dashboard to monitor, review, and investigate grievances in the palm
Mandra, Greece; Petaling Jaya, Malaysia; Pomezia, Italy; São José
oil supply chain. ASD provides the mills list and Earthworm tracks
Earthworm Foundation
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 49
We cannot contribute toward a healthier planet without responsible
waste and water management practices.
Waste generation is an opportunity to drive efficiency and
environmental stewardship. It is also a catalyst to innovate across our
operations, packaging, and supply chain– a chance to reimagine waste
as a valuable resource, instead of an endpoint.
water, wastewater, and nature risk assessment results, and will allow us
to create site-specific water management strategies based on the level
of risk at each site. See page 51 for more information.
Part of this strategy includes a cohesive approach for water and
wastewater for pharmaceuticals and personal care product ingredients
in the environment, all of which impact our overall approach to
waste management. Our strategy for managing pharmaceutical and
personal care ingredients in the environment considers the potential
for environmental and human health risks from active pharmaceutical
Total waste management
Our total waste management program, which is being implemented at
all Kenvue manufacturing sites, aims to give our operating sites guiding
principles on how to effectively reduce waste generation at the source
and manage waste throughout its life cycle. In addition, the program
establishes a standard waste reporting process for more detailed and
standardized data capture across all sites. We have compiled these
principles, as well as additional insights and proven practices for effective
waste management, into our Total Waste Management Playbook,
At the same time, water is essential to our business and the
ingredients (APIs) and personal care products entering the
available to all manufacturing sites.
communities we serve, yet its availability and quality are increasingly
environment from our manufacturing waste streams, as well as
threatened by a changing climate. We are committed to understanding
consumer use and disposal.
We conduct on-site waste management assessments at select
our water footprint, which helps us identify opportunities to optimize
manufacturing locations to help us identify opportunities to improve
waste reduction and reuse practices, as well as better understand the
consumption, reduce wastewater, and help protect local water sources.
strategies and programs required to reach zero manufacturing waste.
In 2025, as part of our total waste management program, we launched a
zero waste blueprint pilot program. The goal of this initiative is to further
All of our internal manufacturing and R&D1 sites are certified to
enhance our comprehensive waste management program to drive:
ISO 14001:2026, which establishes a framework for addressing
environmental impacts, including how we use water, treat and discharge
Increased waste circularity
wastewater, and reduce and handle waste responsibly. Our practices
Improved waste data reporting/tracking to more quickly identify
also align with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's waste
reduction opportunities or areas of concern
management hierarchy – we work to prevent and reduce the waste we
generate and to divert unavoidable waste from landfill through reuse,
Dedicated waste management resources, where appropriate, at the site
reclamation, redesign, recycling, composting, and waste to energy.
Enhanced legal compliance by having a single point of contact for
Our ambition is zero manufacturing waste, which requires us to look
all waste management services
holistically at our footprint, from product design and supply chain
decisions to waste management and recycling considerations. In
addition to waste management and disposal practices, we consider
Kenvue manufacturing sites in Bangkok, Thailand; Dabao, China; and
Mumbai, India, have achieved Total Resources Use and Efficiency (TRUE)
Platinum certification, which requires a site to meet stringent criteria, and
to demonstrate a high level of commitment to zero waste principles, and
performance upstream and downstream.
circular economy and closed-loop principles in product design,
manufacturing processes, logistics, and supply chain decisions.
We have evaluated 40 Kenvue sites across seven water-risk categories,
and measure and manage our water consumption, use, and discharge
In addition, our site in Lititz, Pennsylvania, has been certified by
GreenCircle® as a Zero Waste to Landfill facility.
at our sites globally. We are currently working on developing integrated
sustainability action plans for each facility, which combine our climate,
R&D sites with more than 50 people.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 50
Water risk assessments
We have evaluated physical risks related to water, including water
stress, and riverine and coastal flooding, at 41 Kenvue operational
sites, as well as 30 key external manufacturer and supplier sites. This
assessment was completed as part of our 2023 TCFD climate-related
risk assessment, and utilized the World Resources Institute’s (WRI)
Aqueduct screening tool, which helps businesses and organizations
assess, understand, and respond to water-related risks.
In 2025, using the insights and recommendations from the TCFD
assessment, we conducted a stand-alone water risk assessment,
which used both the WRI Aqueduct screening tool and the WWF Water
Risk Filter. This analysis showed that 13 of our sites are in watershed
Strengthening water stewardship
through community action
In September 2025, Kenvue in Thailand collaborated with the Ladkrabang
Industrial Estate to co-organize a clean-up at Lam Toeng Mo Canal, a
key rainwater drainage point near the site. Participants included local
community leaders and representatives from the industrial estate. The
engagement highlighted the need to identify and manage catchment
areas supplying primary inputs to downstream water resources to ensure
sustainable WASH (water, sanitation, and hygiene) provision.
associated with over-the-counter pharmaceutical ingredients in
biodegradable; rightsizing pack sizes; diverting unused pharmaceuticals;
educating healthcare professionals and the public about the risks
associated with pharmaceuticals in the environment and how to dispose
of pharmaceuticals properly; and facilitating collaboration between
environmental and healthcare scientists.
Alongside strategies for total waste management, water and
wastewater, we are continually updating our assessments for
pharmaceutical ingredients in the environment that include policies to
cover the breadth of our impacts. Currently, we maintain the following
internal and public policies and positions:
areas identified as having a high risk of water stress. To address
these potential risks, we are incorporating a strategic water risk and
mitigation strategy as part of our integrated sustainability action plans
(see page 8 for more detail). This includes conducting more in-depth
risk assessments at prioritized sites. Based on the outcome of these
site-specific risk assessments, we will develop risk mitigation plans for
inclusion in our business planning process. More broadly, we continue
Position on Impact of Pharmaceuticals and Personal Care Products
in the Environment
Internal Water and Wastewater Standard, which includes the
requirement for sites to conduct an annual chemical-specific risk
analysis for the presence of compounds of emerging concern in
to take actions to improve our tracking of our water consumption and
wastewater and to implement a risk reduction plan if needed
discharge, as well as identifying opportunities to optimize usage.
Supplier Code of Conduct, which outlines what we expect of
Pharmaceuticals and personal care
product ingredients in the environment
Pharmaceuticals and personal care product ingredients can enter the
environment in several ways. However, the most prevalent pathway is
via patient excretion following use of medicine that is taken to prevent,
cure, or alleviate a medical condition1. Personal care product ingredients
typically enter the environment after being washed from the body during
cleansing activities.
Kenvue addresses pharmaceuticals and personal care product
Kenvue suppliers during our engagement. It includes a requirement
to embrace the responsible management and stewardship of water
and waste, as well as to take proactive steps to assess and address
pharmaceuticals and personal care products in the environment.
In 2025, we developed a comprehensive pharmaceuticals and
personal care product ingredients in the environment standard for our
operating facilities globally, outlining requirements including roles and
responsibilities, procedures and onsite waste handling requirements,
which will fully come into effect in 2026.
ingredients in the environment as part of our ambition to create
products that support the health and well-being of both people and
our planet. We support sector initiatives to reduce the potential risks
According to the European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
51
Our products
to help mitigate concentrations of APIs in the environment. We do this
We collaborate with industry peers such as the European-based
The way we formulate our products can also have an impact on
primarily through collaborative initiatives:
Inter Associations Initiative PIE task force, which created the Eco-
our waste footprint. Our Sustainable Innovation Profiler product
development tool (see page 58) applies green chemistry and life cycle
assessment (LCA) principles to steer ingredient selection from the
start of the formulation process. Green chemistry is a framework for
impact, improve safety, and promote sustainability, while LCA is a
We are members of the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative and
follow its Principles for Responsible Supply Chain Management,
which outline responsible practices, including environmental
management systems. Kenvue is an active member, sitting on the
PIE and Antimicrobial resistance team.
Pharmaco-Stewardship framework.
Alliance for Water Stewardship – Thailand
Our Thailand manufacturing plant is Platinum certified by the
Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS). As a result, the site is
expected to operate in alignment with the requirements of the AWS
comprehensive assessment method that quantifies potential impacts
We partner with governments to improve medicine disposal
International Water Stewardship Standard, a globally applicable
throughout a product’s lifecycle, including after use. Our internal PIE
programs, through MyOldMeds in the U.S. and MEDSDISPOSAL
framework that promotes collaborative efforts to manage water
evaluations rely heavily on the green chemistry data underpinning our
in the E.U.
within a catchment context. It emphasizes stakeholder engagement
Sustainable Innovation Profiler and emphasize the importance of the
raw material and formulation biodegradability.
In addition, we manage environmental risks by assessing all ingredients
used in our formulated products, including APIs, to understand possible
We are members of the Pharmaceutical Product Stewardship
Working Group, the largest EPR organization in the U.S. dedicated
to the proper collection and disposal of unused and/or expired
in understanding and addressing water-related challenges, risks, and
opportunities through the development and implementation of a site
water stewardship action plan.
medicines and used sharps.
impacts, and by conducting targeted environmental risk assessments
(ERA) on select ingredients. In 2025, we continued to invest in a multiyear initiative to conduct testing and to develop comprehensive ERAs for
APIs in our portfolio. Our objective is to further understand the potential
environmental impacts of our ingredients and develop advanced
mitigation strategies if needed, as well as prepare for forthcoming
regulatory requirements.
In addition, we support scientific research and collaborations to
understand and mitigate the risks of PIE, including initiatives at the
International Collaboration on Cosmetics Safety, the Global Self Care
Federation, and the Water and Environmental Technology Center.
We work with the Association of the European Self-Care Industry to
collaborate with peers on environmental safety testing for APIs.
Our operations and value chain
We manage the waste generated from the manufacture of our products
locally at our sites. We monitor wastewater and ensure secondary
wastewater treatment, as a minimum, for our manufacturing plants. We
also work with suppliers, healthcare providers, consumers, and peers
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 52
Our safety and quality commitment is consistent with our Values and
Products
is supported by our Chief Executive Officer and the Kenvue Leadership
Team. Our quality management system (QMS) helps us consistently
deliver products that meet consumer expectations and applicable
regulatory, business, and customer requirements. Our QMS describes
the relevant requirements, processes, procedures, and governance
that drive the Kenvue Global Safety and Quality Commitment, and it is
enforced at all of our sites, including our R&D centers, manufacturing
facilities, business offices, and distribution centers.
in our teams’ continuous professional development alongside providing
regular training in processes and procedures so that everyone can
consistently practice keeping one another safe and healthy. That is how
we earn trust with science: by emphasizing continuous improvement of
our systems and processes, investments in new technologies, and the
qualifications of our team members.
Quality Management System standards
Our QMS standards define the requirements that Kenvue must meet
to design, make, deliver, and monitor the safety of our products. They
also define the requirements for us to take action to minimize risk and,
We employ multidisciplinary experts, including scientists and physicians
if needed, correct or recall products from the market in the event of
with experience in chemistry, pharmacology, toxicology, product design,
quality issues. The standards provide a common foundation for quality
clinical studies conduct, manufacturing, regulatory compliance, and
and safety systems across Kenvue through the product life cycle. The
product vigilance. We clearly define roles and responsibilities and invest
requirements are based on national regulations and international
standards such as our current good manufacturing practices (GMP),
the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) series, and the
International Council for Harmonization of Technical Requirements for
Product quality
and consumer safety
Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH).
Our QMS standards apply around the globe, requiring Kenvue to
maintain the quality and safety of our products for all who use them,
and to operate in compliance with current regulations as well as
anticipating and preparing for future changes in regulations. Our QMS
Kenvue products are known and trusted by consumers around the world.
standards are aligned with the ISO 9000 family, which consists of the
From gently cleaning tiny fingers during a baby’s first bath to protecting
world's best-known standard for QMS – ISO 9001:2015 – along with a
the vitality of your skin, from soothing aches and pains to relieving
set of supporting standards on quality management.
coughs and allergies – we strive to deliver safe and effective products for
We are advancing the digitization of our foundational QMS to further
everyday care.
strengthen effectiveness, efficiency, and consistency across our global
Our commitment to quality, safety, and compliance is fundamental to
network. By embedding emerging technologies that enable continuous
who we are, and we aim to meet the expectations of our customers
monitoring, proactive alerting, and data driven decision making, we
and consumers while prioritizing these tenets. By focusing on quality
are enhancing our ability to uphold rigorous quality standards and
and safety throughout a product's life cycle, from the early stages of
support operational excellence at scale. This continued focus on digital
research and development (R&D) to the product's end of life, we work
hard to help enable healthier outcomes for both people and our planet.
capabilities reinforces the reliability of our processes and helps enable
the continued trust consumers place in our products worldwide.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 53
Kenvue global safety and quality commitment
Our commitment to safety and quality guides every decision we make and
every action we take. We put people first. Kenvue fosters a culture where
all team members are dedicated to providing safe and effective consumer
health products and to keeping each other safe and healthy.
Our environmental, health, and safety (EHS) system and QMS are
designed to deliver products that meet consumer expectations and all
applicable regulatory, business, and customer requirements. Because
we earn trust with science and quality, our emphasis on continuous
Quality Governance: Composed of senior executives in quality
suppliers and third-party manufacturers that provide materials,
management, along with scientific and technical experts, quality
products, and services to us. Assessments are conducted by internal
governance is led by the Company’s Chief Quality Officer. The
experts or third parties and help us identify opportunities to improve
quality governance function is responsible for oversight of product
the effectiveness of our quality systems. Findings from corporate
quality and QMS compliance through regular quality system
internal audits are then assessed and addressed through corrective and
management reviews.
preventive measures as needed.
Quality Review Board: The Quality Review Board determines
Regulatory inspections
whether a notification to authorities and/or field action (including
recall) is required, based on the quality, compliance, and safety
Health authorities globally and notified bodies – organizations
designated by European Union countries to assess conformity of
improvement helps ensure the long-term effectiveness of our systems
impact of a product issue and applicable regulation(s).
and processes.
Regulatory Compliance Governance: Regulatory compliance
strength and compliance of our QMS system, including our audit
We pledge to uphold consumer, customer, and Kenvue team member trust
governance is responsible for ensuring that our products meet
program and team member training.
through our commitment to safety and quality.
Quality and safety governance
Oversight for product quality and safety is held by cross-functional
governance and advisory bodies that work together to help provide
strict oversight of product benefits, potential safety risks, safety
risk management, and compliance with global and local regulations
throughout a product’s life cycle:
Kenvue Scientific Committee: Led by our Chief Scientific Officer,
the Kenvue Scientific Committee seeks to proactively identify
and advise on the best science-driven solutions for mitigating
technical and design-related product risks, to minimize and/or
prevent any adverse impacts of products. It is also responsible
for materials management, including oversight of our restricted
substances list (RSL).
certain products to safety and quality regulations – examine the
global, regional, and local regulations and labeling requirements.
Training
We take pride in developing, manufacturing, storing, and distributing
products in line with international quality and safety standards. We
have safety and quality onboarding training in place for Kenvuers and
contractors, based on their role. We use standardized qualification and
training programs for sites and team members covered by the QMS,
including those responsible for product vigilance, and we track and
report training metrics to management regularly.
We also retrain team members and contractors annually on mandatory
requirements for collection of adverse events and complaints, GMP, and
other aspects of business conduct. In addition, retraining is provided any
time processes change due to regulation updates or internal process
improvements.
Medical Safety Governance: Composed of senior medical
Quality compliance verification
and scientific experts and senior leaders from regulatory and
Through our internal corporate quality audit program, Kenvue monitors
quality functions, our medical safety governance is led by our
and assesses product development, product vigilance, manufacturing,
Chief Medical Officer. The medical safety governance function
storage, and distribution sites for compliance with our product safety
establishes policies and sets standards and scientific practices
and quality requirements, as well as those of global and local health
related to the medical safety of Kenvue products.
authorities. Our audit program covers Kenvue facilities, as well as
54
Product quality and safety throughout the product life cycle
Kenvue strives to achieve end-to-end quality excellence and safety across all stages of the product lifecycle using a multistep process:
potential adverse reactions, determine appropriate dosages, assess
1. Product design
4. Product development
We apply a well-defined approach to our product design, including
We test and further assess our products to determine if we are using
quality and safety considerations and consumer feedback. This guides
ingredients in the right proportions and combinations and to address
our ingredient selection, packaging, labeling, and directions on how
potential human or environmental health impacts before we finalize
We also test our products under real-world conditions where
consumers will use our products. Our Human-Centered Innovation
product formulas. Guided by principles of green chemistry, we aim to
appropriate and when required. This includes laboratory-simulated
process incorporates input from our scientific and medical experts and
reduce the use and generation of hazardous substances and develop
tests under different scenarios, including extreme heat, cold, humidity,
consumers throughout the design phase to help ensure the final product
products that are better for human and environmental health.
and more, as well as home-use tests to assess the product experience
applicable regulatory standards, including that the product is effective
and safe for use in the intended indication.
with actual users.
meets our global quality and safety standards, applicable regulatory
requirements, and consumers’ expectations.
interactions with other drugs, and help ensure that the product meets
5. Clinical evaluation and testing
6. Ongoing evaluation
2. Sourcing raw materials
The clinical evaluation and testing stages are designed based on the
intended use of the product. We use a variety of research methodologies
After our products are released to the market, we continue to monitor
Kenvue has a process in place to review and qualify raw material
to assess safety and tolerance, including computer modeling, in
them on an ongoing basis for quality and safety. This includes staying
suppliers and examine the ingredient manufacturing process, and
vitro testing, advanced tissue models (e.g., lab-grown models), and
current on new information, listening to consumer feedback through
we require our manufacturers to demonstrate their compliance with
toxicological evaluation and testing. When a product formula has
global health and safety standards. Kenvue will only accept ingredient
met the appropriate safety requirements for clinical safety testing, it
products as necessary. We also conduct marketed product stability
materials that meet our quality and safety standards.
is then tested with volunteer participants under appropriate medical
testing to help ensure quality of the product throughout its life cycle.
oversight (see our approach to clinical studies, page 57). Clinical safety
3. Assessing and selecting ingredients
Kenvue assesses ingredients in our product formulas to ensure compliance
with relevant requirements for safe use. We also assess for potential
degradants and/or impurities. We evaluate each ingredient using available
data from scientific regulatory agencies, published scientific literature, and
from other industries, including food, agriculture, and healthcare. For the
safety of our consumers and the environment, each ingredient is assessed
testing assesses a product for efficacy and tolerance and makes sure
each product is ready for real-life use. A product must successfully
pass this stage of the safety assessment process to be brought to
market. Finished cosmetic and device product formulas are tested by
volunteers, either in a lab setting or in their daily lives. Our experts test
for potential issues, using controls to establish consistency of the tests
7. End of life
We promote safe disposal of our products and continue to support
industry efforts to better understand and minimize any potential impact
on the environment (see page 53).
with real-life use to validate our processes and to check that products
perform in line with expectations.
for its potential short-term or long-term effects. In addition, we assess
We test drug products to evaluate their safety, efficacy, and quality
how ingredients are used together in a product formula, as well as how
before they reach consumers. This involves pre-clinical studies, clinical
products may be used together. If the safety of the ingredient cannot be
trials, and post-marketing surveillance. Testing is crucial to identify
established, it will not be used in our products.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 55
Responsible materials management
The Kenvue Scientific Committee continuously monitors emerging
science, regulations, sustainability trends, guidelines from healthcare
professionals, and public sentiment to identify potential risks or
challenges associated with material selection.
We have a Position on Responsible Materials Management to ensure a
consistent, global approach to protecting our consumers, employees,
and the environment from exposure to materials of potential concern.
We implement this via our RSL. The RSL acts as a global safeguard,
sometimes going above and beyond local regulatory requirements,
to guide us in responsibly selecting the ingredients, materials, and
packaging components in our products.
Consumer engagement
Once a product is in the hands of our consumers, we continue to
monitor its efficacy, safety, and quality across multiple feedback
channels, including:
Collecting data and information from any quality complaints
or adverse events reported by consumers, patients, healthcare
professionals, and regulatory authorities in countries where we
and evaluate individual complaints; investigate manufacturing history;
inform regulatory authorities about new potential risks that we uncover
and identify and assess quality complaints. Medical safety scientists
through our assessments and how to mitigate them. We also respond to
and physicians, in collaboration with quality team members, assess
consumer questions or requests for information about our Company’s
complaints individually and in aggregate for potential risks to human
packaging, labeling, brand websites, and monographs and communicate
health. If the result of the evaluation requires escalation, quality
the most up-to-date information about product quality and safety.
management is informed, and the quality governance process is followed.
These processes together help promote ethical, science-based decision-
All adverse event data received by Kenvue are entered into our global
making and build trust in our work so that patients and consumers can be
safety database. The adverse events, and relevant safety information
confident about the safety and efficacy of our products.
from other sources, are assessed as appropriate by cross-functional
teams of experts, including physicians, toxicologists, and epidemiologists.
Product recalls
If a safety risk is identified, the Kenvue safety governance organization
Our product assessment and field action response, including product
makes decisions on the need for appropriate risk mitigation strategies.
recalls, outlines a systematic approach to reviewing, assessing, and
Kenvue complies with applicable global and local regulatory authorities’
reporting requirements for individual adverse events, aggregate safety
assessments and, where appropriate, risk management plans. We
documenting potential quality incidents of product in the market. In all
situations, consumer safety supersedes any other factor in decisionmaking. Our recall approach involves:
Evaluation of the quality incident and safety of potentially
impacted product, or product regulatory noncompliance, to
determine whether field action may be required. The quality team
determines the root cause or probable root cause of the product
incident, and medical experts will assess health hazard and impact
market our products
on consumer/patient safety
Establishing a global network of consumer care centers and
Escalation of significant issues to the appropriate level of
a digital platform for consumers, patients, and healthcare
providers to share complaints, adverse events, and ask questions
management through the quality governance process and Quality
Review Board for field action decision-making, including recall
about our products
In the event of a product recall, the quality team coordinates our
Reviewing scientific publications and regulatory databases for
response, including working with applicable departments and functions
mention of adverse events and potential safety signals related to
to consider recall communications, returns and reverse logistics,
our products
effectiveness checks, and status reports for health authorities.
Conducting post-market studies among consumers, where appropriate,
Product recalls are considered closed once the health authority agrees
to collect detailed feedback on product use and performance
that reasonable efforts have been made by the Company to remove or
Our product quality complaint and adverse events management standard
maintain product assessment and recall process records and continue
operating procedures detail the steps our teams take to receive, record,
correct the impacted products. Following the product recall’s closure, we
to periodically verify the effectiveness of the product recall.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 56
Our approach to clinical studies
Clinical studies are performed to evaluate the effectiveness and
benefits of our products. Based on the intended use of the product,
clinical studies may include study participants of various ages,
races, ethnicities, and genders, as well as those with varying
disease conditions or need states. To develop products that address
differing consumer and patient needs around the world, we conduct
clinical studies in multiple countries globally. Clinical evaluations
provide us with scientific evidence critical to ensuring that products
in development are safe and effective, while also delivering on
Clinical trial disclosure: Kenvue publicly registers and discloses
eliminate the testing of cosmetic products or ingredients on animals
information about Company-sponsored clinical investigations
globally, including appropriate legislative bans.
on external public registry websites such as ClinicalTrials.gov,
the Clinical Trials Information System registry, and with the
European Database on Medical Devices, in accordance with
specified requirements, format, and time frames of local laws and
regulations. These structured registries provide public access
to summary information about clinical investigations, such as
a clinical study’s purpose, participant eligibility, locations of
investigational sites, contact information for more details, and
When it comes to medicines, medical devices and other regulated
health products, animal testing is more routinely required by regulatory
authorities to demonstrate safety and/or to validate efficacy for
regulatory purposes, and when required, we adhere to the principles
defined in our Position on Animal Testing.
Partnering to advance alternative models
In 2025, we continued to advance the science of new alternative models
performance, critical to earning consumer and patient trust in
study results.
Kenvue products.
Clinical research data sharing (clinical data transparency):
advocacy conducted by the International Collaboration for Cosmetics
We participate in the Yale School of Medicine’s Open Data Access
Safety, Industry Council for the Advancement of Regulatory Acceptance
(YODA) Project, which provides physicians and researchers
of Alternatives, and the Institute for In Vitro Sciences. Kenvue has
access to de-identified clinical trial data that can advance medical
also participated directly with health authorities on the use of NAMs.
knowledge and public health. Our work with YODA exemplifies our
For example, we partnered with China National Medical Products
continued commitment to advancing science, medicine, and public
Administration on guidelines for the safety evaluation of cosmetic
health by creating a standardized independent, transparent, and
ingredients, which resulted in several joint-authored publications
reproducible process for sharing clinical investigation data. For
regarding technical guidance on the application of the read-across
details regarding availability of data and timing for sharing, please
methodology, and in vitro skin absorption.
Good Clinical Practice
Good Clinical Practice (GCP) is an international, ethical, scientific, and
quality standard for the conduct of studies that involve people, issued
by the ICH. All Kenvue clinical studies are conducted in accordance with
the GCP standard, which helps ensure that the rights, safety, and wellbeing of clinical study participants are protected and that the results of
the clinical studies are reliable. Our clinical standards also follow other
relevant requirements as needed by national laws and regulations. We
apply these standards to all clinical studies globally, including those
conducted by us, external contract research organizations, or external
clinical investigators.
Data transparency
We believe sharing clinical trial data advances science and medicine
and benefits patients, consumers, and healthcare professionals. Study
participants are essential partners for us in this work and we are
committed to protecting our commitments to them, including their privacy.
We support the overall principles of greater clinical trial data
transparency and aim to advance medical science for the benefit of all
through public disclosures:
visit the YODA Project website.
Position on animal testing
(NAMs) at Kenvue through support of non-animal science research and
Counterfeits
At Kenvue, our global brand protection team works to safeguard against
We do not conduct animal testing in the research or development of
the risks of counterfeiting, diversion, and product tampering, with a
our cosmetic products unless required to do so to meet regulatory
focus on protecting the end consumer. Counterfeit goods can contain
requirements. We believe our cosmetic products can be validated as
unsafe ingredients and can have negative environmental impacts
safe and effective without compromising animal welfare and have
or human rights violations associated with their production. When
voluntarily made the conscious choice to only advance cosmetic product
counterfeit products come to our attention, we conduct thorough
innovation that meets our own safety requirements without the need for
investigations and collaborate with appropriate legal and regulatory
animal testing.
authorities to act, including online takedowns, criminal referrals to law
Some countries still require animal testing data to meet their own
enforcement agencies, and civil litigation actions.
regulatory requirements for cosmetic products. As part of our ongoing
commitment over the last 30 years, we continue to advance and seek
the validation of non-animal testing methods and support efforts to
57
product innovation
Innovation is at the heart of our commitment to enabling a healthier
future, one that prioritizes human health, well-being, and environmental
responsibility. From reducing our environmental footprint by adjusting
source increasingly sustainable ingredients and packaging materials
Sustainable Innovation Profiler
that deliver product efficacy, performance, and a superior consumer
In 2025, we released our Sustainable Innovation Profiler, a patent-
experience. Our commitment to more sustainable product innovation
pending product sustainability assessment tool which helps us measure
covers new products and improvements to existing products, their
product performance for social and environmental factors.
formulas (e.g., renewable materials), packaging (e.g., recyclable and
optimized packaging, and increased recycled content), and format (e.g.,
concentrates and refill systems).
product’s life cycle
smarter packaging to exploring enhanced product circularity, we are
everyday care, and help protect the planet for future generations.
Enables product development teams to identify hotspots of
environmental impact across 16 different categories and across the
product formulations, choosing different ingredients, and creating
creating innovative solutions that help improve lives today, deliver
Now a crucial part of our end-to-end innovation process, the profiler:
Healthy planet goals and commitments –
75% of new product development, using scientific principles, will have an
improved environmental performance by 2030
Identifies opportunities to reduce the carbon footprint of products
without shifting the burden to other environmental impact factors,
such as end-of-life ecotoxicological impacts
Steers teams to adopt recyclable packaging with less use of
virgin plastic
Sustainable design and development
We believe that intentional design empowers sustainable product
innovation. We aim to advance sustainable product design by:
Developing and training our teams on sustainable product claims
requirements and their value in attracting new consumers (see
Product transparency, page 60)
Collaborating in industry programs, such as the EcoBeautyScore
Association, that aim to advance product sustainability and
Provides an internal method to measure the resiliency of a
formulation to a dynamic external environment
Calculates a formulation’s Global Aquatic Ingredient Assessment™
(GAIA) score, with a focus on environmental persistence
Grounds our approach in externally recognized standards such
as the European Commission’s Product Environmental Footprint
method and principles of green chemistry and packaging circularity
See page 17 for more information about the Sustainable Innovation Profiler.
standardize measurement (see Product transparency, page 60)
At Kenvue, we are working to improve the environmental performance
Creating product sustainability roadmaps to identify hotspots and
Highlights on progress:
equip brands to act on their sustainability priorities as aligned with
our Healthy Lives Mission
of our products using circular design principles and science-based
Tracking and reporting on progress to continue inspiring and
life cycle assessments. These principles and tools help us measure
showcasing best practice for Kenvuers
the environmental impacts and tradeoffs associated with the product
design choices that we make.
To drive performance toward our goals and commitments, we seek to
We also have designed and launched in-house tools, including our
Sustainable Innovation Profiler, to help our teams better understand and
75% of new product
development, using scientific
principles, will have an
improved environmental
performance by 2030
Rolled out e-learning module to R&D
product developers and embedded
sustainable innovation into product
development process in July 2025; used
to assess more than 75 prototype and
commercialized products
address the impacts of our products.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 58
Sustainable ingredients strategy
A more sustainable ingredient is one that is produced and used in
ways that minimize negative environmental and human health impacts
throughout its life cycle.
These ingredients give brands an opportunity to innovate and
differentiate the way they offer essential solutions for everyday care. We
identify and select sustainable ingredients that can be easily adopted for
use in our products.
For Kenvue, sustainable ingredients include:
Ingredients derived from responsibly sourced feedstocks,
prioritizing renewable, recycled, or waste-based carbon inputs
to reduce reliance on fossil resources and minimize upstream
environmental impacts
We have identified 40 chemical ingredients that have the highest carbon
emissions by reviewing their supply chains and identifying processes
that generate significant emissions. These emissions hotspots were
associated with either production or upstream processes. Based on
the nature of the hotspot, we grouped the chemicals into three broad
categories: crop-based, fossil-based, and those with high energy needs.
We are now using these findings to develop innovation and supplier
partnership strategies to decarbonize high-carbon chemical ingredients.
These strategies factor into our sustainable ingredients list above.
Reducing Scope 3 emissions
Sourcing low carbon intensive substitutes – also known as drop ins –
and alternatives, defined as completely new chemistries designed to
deliver equivalent or improved performance with a significantly lower
carbon footprint, help reduce our Scope 3, Category 1 (Purchased
Working with suppliers to reduce our impact
In 2025, Croda, a long-standing partner in our ingredient supply network,
proposed a portfolio of low-carbon drop-ins for four raw materials used across
several flagship brands, including Johnson’s® Baby, Aveeno® Baby, and OGX®.
The reduced carbon results from using ethylene oxide, derived from carbon
capture technology, during production, combined with process efficiency
improvements in Croda’s operations. We estimate that switching to these
alternatives could reduce GHG emissions by between 250 and 1,000
metrics tons of CO2e per year – up to a 35% reduction compared with
current materials.
While the contribution is modest relative to our Company’s total
raw material footprint, the initiative demonstrates how advanced
feedstock technologies like carbon capture can begin to scale through
supplier-driven innovation. It also signals the kind of value chain
collaboration that will continue to be essential to meeting our long-term
environmental commitments.
Ingredients derived via manufacturing processes that are designed to
goods and services) emissions, our largest emissions source. We will
minimize energy consumption, GHG emissions, and waste generation,
continue working closely with our raw material suppliers to identify
while maximizing efficiency (e.g., high atom economy) and leveraging
low-carbon-intensity drop ins and alternatives to further reduce
ISO 14067:2018
low-impact or renewable energy sources where feasible
the impact of our value chains. We also aim to continue exploring
ISO 14040:2006/14044:2006
Ingredients that demonstrate a favorable human and
environmental safety profile, avoiding those that are toxic,
persistent, or bioaccumulative
Ingredients that deliver required functionality effectively, enabling
decarbonization through pilot reformulations, supplier co-development
agreements, and life cycle analyses of substitutes and alternatives.
Read more about our efforts to reduce emissions in our climate
transition plan on page 38.
equal or improved performance at optimized use levels and
Enhancing data collection to drive shared accountability
supporting downstream sustainability benefits (e.g., reduced water
Supplier specific GHG emissions data are essential for enabling
use during the product application)
evidence-based sourcing decisions that support decarbonization
Ingredients that are designed for environmentally responsible endof-life outcomes, including biodegradability, recyclability, or safe
degradation, without contributing to persistent pollution
Ingredients with overall reduced environmental impacts, including
carbon footprint, water use, and eutrophication, as assessed
through life cycle assessment methodologies
objectives while ensuring the integrity of our corporate carbon
accounting. In collaboration with our strategic chemical suppliers,
we have developed a data collection and verification framework
specifically designed for chemical ingredients and aligned with
internationally recognized methodologies, including:
Together for Sustainability Product Carbon Footprint (PCF) guidelines
GHG Protocol Product Life Cycle Accounting and Reporting Standard
This framework establishes standardized, methodologically rigorous
processes for the collection and verification of supplier-specific
emissions for chemical ingredients. It strengthens data quality through
enhanced requirements for completeness, consistency, accuracy,
and transparency, thereby improving comparability and reducing
uncertainty across our supply chain.
We are currently piloting this framework with a select group of our
strategic chemical suppliers to validate its applicability, assess
data‑quality improvements, and refine implementation requirements.
Insights from this pilot phase will inform broader rollout across our
supply base, ensuring the framework is both technically robust and
operationally practical. This collaborative approach will enable us
Partnership for Carbon Transparency/World Business Council for
to scale high‑quality emissions data across our chemical‑ingredient
Sustainable Development pathways for PCF data exchange
portfolio and further strengthen our decarbonization efforts.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 59
Product transparency
products in the U.K. and Ireland, and Neutrogena® products in Germany,
We believe trust is built on transparency. Consumers today seek
on the brand websites.
effective health solutions, as well as clear, accessible information about
As a member of the EcoBeautyScore Association, we contributed to the
the products they use every day. We aim to provide easy-to-understand
and accessible information about Kenvue and our brands’ products,
including details about our ingredients, formulations, and the science
behind them. We also may share information such as:
Benefits and functions of specific ingredients and fragrances
Third-party certifications
design and development of the EcoBeautyScore methodology, which
considers 16 environmental and health impacts across the lifecycle of
a product. The aggregated product score helps consumers compare
products within a category. Similar to Kenvue’s Sustainability Innovation
Profiler (see Sustainable product innovation, page 58), the methodology
is grounded in the European Commission’s Product Environmental
Footprint methodology and tailored for the unique characteristics of
Packaging material and recycled content of packaging
cosmetic products.
Recyclability of packaging
Sustainability claims
This information empowers consumers to make informed choices for
Whether reducing our environmental footprint, sourcing more sustainable
their well-being and enhances trust in our brands and products.
ingredients, or improving packaging sustainability, every claim we make
We maintain an internal Ingredient and Materials Policy and
restricted substances list, which help us carefully select ingredients,
is rooted in rigorous data and aligned with applicable standards. This
empowers consumers to make informed choices with confidence.
materials, and product packaging components that support our
Our sustainability team provides guidance to our marketing teams on the
Healthy Lives Mission.
technical and scientific facts and substantiation required for brands to
EcoBeautyScore Association
Since 2021, Kenvue has been a member of the EcoBeautyScore
Association, a global, voluntary initiative of more than 35 organizations
make sustainability claims. In 2025, we developed online training to add
to our learning library, which is available to all Kenvuers and required for
all employees in R&D, marketing, and legal.
whose primary objective is to develop a product environmental impact
Ingredients glossaries
assessment and scoring system for cosmetic products and their
Many of our brands have developed their own ingredients glossaries
packaging. The EcoBeautyScore formally launched in 2025 with a focus
focused on the common ingredients specific to their products, including
on four product categories: facial moisturizers and treatments; body
Johnson’s® Baby, Neutrogena®, Le Petit Marseillais®, and Zarbee’s®.
cleansers; shampoos; and hair treatments. The association intends to
expand to other product categories in 2026.
In 2025, all in-scope Kenvue products (approximately 1,500 SKUs)
generated scores, with Neutrogena® becoming the second global brand
across the association members to participate. Our scoring process
for all these products passed a third-party audit by Ecocert Greenlife.
To advance transparency, we shared the results of Johnson’s® Baby
60
Packaging plays a critical role in delivering safe, effective, and
accessible consumer health products to millions of people worldwide.
We recognize that the way we design, use, and manage plastic
packaging can potentially impact the environment. That’s why we are
committed to minimizing our plastic footprint and advancing circular
solutions that keep materials in use and out of waste streams.
Product packaging serves multiple essential functions, particularly to
deliver superior experiences for consumer health products. This includes
evoking delight, providing product protection, sharing information,
offering functionality, and expressing brand identity. In addition, for
regulated products like over-the-counter medicines and cosmetics,
Packaging in product development
Our global approach is rooted in consumer-centricity and packaging
Our Human-Centered Innovation (HCI) approach to product
design for people and the planet. It is guided by our Kenvue Sustainable
development guides Kenvuers in creating products that drive our
Plastic Packaging Design principles, which mirror the principles of the
Healthy Lives Mission and support our sustainable product innovation
circular economy and the four Rs:
commitments. The HCI process enables cross-functional teams to
1. Reduce: We are working to reduce our reliance on virgin
plastics by optimizing packaging design, rightsizing, innovating
new formats, improving material efficiency, sourcing recycled
alternative materials (e.g. biobased), and increasing our use of
PCR content.
2. Replace: We are replacing plastics by selecting recycled and
renewable feedstocks and removing problematic materials.
3. Reuse: We are experimenting with reuse and refill models that
leverage consumer insights, category trends, and portfolio strategy
in the development and commercialization of new innovations. This
includes product range, concept and claims, science and formula, and
packaging structural and aesthetic design.
Within our HCI approach we have established minimum sustainability
requirements that new products should strive to achieve. For packaging,
these requirements include:
Design for recyclable, recycle-ready, or refillable (where regulation
allows and is feasible)
packaging must meet stringent safety and regulatory standards,
will extend the life cycle of our packaging, and we strive to support
such as providing tamper-evident features, child resistance, and clear
the recovery of materials through upstream design approaches and
Include PCR content in plastic packaging components (where
labeling for proper use.
downstream recycling infrastructure investments.
regulation allows and is feasible)
4. Recover: We are developing packaging that is designed for
recycling – meaning our packages are being designed to meet
industry-level standards to make them ready to be recycled.
Through innovation, collaboration, and responsible stewardship, we aim
to support the transition from a linear economic model (take, make, use,
paper and board (see Nature on page 47)
Align to the Consumer Goods Forum’s (CGF) Golden Design Rules,
a set of voluntary and independent considerations for the design of
plastic packaging
dispose) toward a circular economic model.
We aim to address these requirements at the earliest stage of the HCI
We are working to optimize primary, secondary, and tertiary packaging
We also design packaging to meet new regulatory requirements, while
across our value chain. This includes developing upstream solutions that
enable more sustainable packaging materials and circular design (such
product development process, when product concepts are conceived.
as the elimination of problematic or unnecessary packaging), as well as
Design approach
downstream solutions to support waste recovery, sorting technologies,
We follow a design approach that considers the impact of our products’
and recycling infrastructure.
life cycles, from where materials are sourced to end of life. We innovate
By 2030, we aim to deliver a 50% reduction of virgin plastic and improve
our packaging portfolio to be 95% designed for recycling.
Use Forest Stewardship Council (FSC®)-certified or certified-recycled
with sustainability in mind and tailor our priorities for each type of product
(lotion, cream, solid, gel, pill, capsule, or liquid, etc.) via our Sustainable
Innovation Profiler (see page 58) and for each packaging format (blisters,
bottles, closures and pumps, jars, refills, and flexibles – or tubes).
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
61
In 2025, we revised our Design for Responsibility framework to
In 2025, we also continued to roll out our Healthy Lives Mission
the coalition continued to engage governments during United Nations
help enable more flexible designs across plastics and recyclability
packaging training to drive awareness of our goals and the tools
treaty negotiations, sharing the economic case for globally harmonized
technologies typically championed by industry organizations such as
rules across the full life cycle of plastics, including:
RecyClass and the Association of Plastics Recyclers (APR). Within our
design process, we incorporate eco-design and material optimization
Stakeholder engagement and advocacy
principles, which guide us to explore advanced recycled, bio-based,
Collaboration is key to increasing and scaling packaging circularity
or regenerative materials as alternatives to virgin plastics. We also
globally. Since 2020, Kenvue has been a signatory to the EMF’s Global
consider how our packaging can be refilled or reused and how to
Plastics Commitment, which unites businesses, governments, non-
standardize formats for specific products globally. Our independently-
profits, and investors behind a common vision of a circular economy for
designed framework aligns with the recyclability guidelines provided
plastics. In 2025, Kenvue became a signatory to EMF’s 2030 Plastics
by the Ellen MacArthur Foundation (EMF), to which we are a signatory
Agenda for Business, which provides a blueprint for eliminating plastic
(see page 45).
waste and pollution in the years ahead. In addition to serving as an
In addition, Kenvue’s supplier contracts have been updated to include
sustainable packaging requirements. Following the introduction of
sustainable packaging playbooks, which provide consistent direction
important thought leader on the circular economy, EMF has supported
companies to reduce problematic and unnecessary plastic packaging
through reduction, innovation, and public disclosure on progress.
In continued support of our packaging goals, we take a multifaceted
across R&D on how to use the playbooks. The playbooks include
approached to stakeholder engagement, including understanding our
guidance for specific packaging formats and the most used materials
customers’ needs and regulatory requirements. We also participate
and packaging formats.
in pre-competitive consortiums, including the Sustainable Packaging
Common, harmonized extended producer responsibility frameworks
Globally aligned plastic packaging design requirements
Restrictions and phase‑outs of problematic plastics
The Recycled Content Opportunity
To help companies like Kenvue communicate with customers about
recyclability, in 2025, we funded a report – The Recycled Content
Opportunity – co-authored by the Sustainable Packaging Coalition and
sustainability marketing firm ERM Shelton, that studied best practices for
sustainability claims. One key finding was that narrative claims around
recyclability resonate more with consumers than data-only claims. Read
more about this insight, and other key findings, in the report here.
Coalition, whose mission is to bring sustainable packaging stakeholders
Roadmap for progress
together to catalyze actionable improvements to packaging systems,
We are deploying four strategies to reduce virgin plastic by 50% by 2030:
and the CGF’s Plastic Waste Coalition of Action, whose aim is to
Scale the amount of post-consumer, advanced recycled, and biobased and renewable feedstocks, including paper-based solutions,
in our packaging components
Continue to launch reuse and refillable models across our portfolio
Continue to optimize bottles and caps, where possible
Explore new product formats that create delightful consumer
experiences and require less packaging (concentrates, solids, and
powders, etc.)
These strategies are supported by our brands, business segments, and
regions. They implement tailored strategies and initiatives and provide
monthly updates to the business on their progress.
develop a more circular approach to the development and processing of
plastic packaging in the consumer goods industry.
We are also an investor in Closed Loop Partners’ Infrastructure Group,
which provides below-market rate loans to finance projects that build
circular economy infrastructure in the U.S. These projects include waste
collection, technology, end manufacturing, processing, and sortation.
The Infrastructure Group is funded by some of the world’s largest
retailers, corporate foundations, technology, and consumer goods
companies and Kenvue receives annual progress updates.
Kenvue is a signatory to the Business Coalition for a Global Plastics
Treaty, which represents more than 300 businesses, financial
institutions, and nonprofits across the plastics value chain. In 2025,
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 62
Packaging innovation in action
Innovating to recover
We continue to advance our efforts to reduce the impact of our packaging.
In 2025, Codral® continued its partnership with Australian pharmacy
Read more about specific examples below, as well as on page 22.
chain Chemist Warehouse, and waste management company
Pharmacycle, to support the country’s largest blister pack recycling
Innovating to reduce
initiative. Through the program, customers could deposit used Codral®
In Turkey, Johnson’s® Baby and Listerine® both realized an opportunity
blister packs— or any other blister packs—in Pharmacycle recycling bins
to reduce the plastic used in their duo packs, which bundle multiple
at the stores. To date, the program has diverted more than 30.7 million
products together for sale. Both product ranges previously used shrink
blister packs, totaling approximately 46 metric tons of material, from
wrapping to combine the separate bottles into one package. However,
landfills, repurposing the recovered materials for steelmaking and use in
the brands reduced the full shrink wrapping to just a simple plastic
outdoor products such as decking and fencing.
band made from polyethylene terephthalate glycol, a less brittle form of
plastic than regular PET plastic. The bands’ strength meant they were as
effective as the full shrink wrap and saved more than 12 tons of plastic
annually across select Johnson’s® Baby and Listerine® SKUs*.
Throughout Asia Pacific, Neutrogena® and Clean & Clear® removed the
non-recyclable plastic trays from their packaging for most SKUs. In some
cases, where the tray was required, we changed it to a recyclable PET
tray. As a result, we’re saving 28 tons of virgin plastic annually*.
In 2025, we continued to both roll out and increase the use of PCR
across OGX®, Aveeno®, Listerine®, and Johnson’s® Baby bottles
globally. This resulted in Kenvue’s use of recycled content increasing to
18.5%, up from 8.7%.1
Blister pack recycling
Innovating to replace
In 2025, Johnson’s® Baby South Africa transitioned its bar soap
packaging from a virgin plastic wrapper to paper.
Innovating to refill and reuse
In 2025, Johnson’s® Baby expanded the use of its refillable pouches
for shampoo and bath products globally, following the launch in Brazil
in 2024. The packaging transitioned from a multi-material PET/nylon/
polyethylene package to a mono-material polyethylene package to
make it recycle-ready. Johnson’s® Baby also launched a new line of
two-in-one hair products using the refillable pouches.
Calculations based on packaging weights and 2025 calendar year or business plan volumes.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 63
Ethics and compliance
In line with our Values, we are committed to building trust with our consumers,
Speak Up policy provides clarity to employees about the responsibility to
“speak up” and a process for doing so whenever anyone becomes aware
of potential misconduct.
customers, and business partners by holding ourselves accountable to the
The timely reporting of breaches or deviations from Kenvue policies
highest ethical standards in everything that we do. It is not only the right thing
or applicable regulations helps us to reinforce our compliance culture
to do; it is critical to our long-term success as a company.
and protect the Company from legal or reputational risks, as well as to
Kenvue Code of Conduct
The Kenvue Code of Conduct (the Code) is the foundation that guides
Kenvuers in their daily decision-making while at work. It sets forth the
principles and policies to which we commit ourselves every day. Our
commitment to doing the right thing and upholding these expectations
guides our success and strengthens our reputation.
monitor and mitigate any potential adverse impact on our stakeholders.
Making a commitment to report these incidents is part of our culture of
transparency and empowerment.
Tax policy
Our Company’s Tax Policy Statement sets forth the guiding principles
for governance of tax matters, compliance, planning, and relationships
with government authorities and other stakeholders. Approved by
the Audit Committee of our Board, this policy applies to all Kenvue
subsidiaries and employees.
Compliance, controls, and governance
All Kenvue income, property, and indirect taxes are overseen by our
Global Head of Tax, who reports to the Chief Financial Officer. Tax
Kenvue does not tolerate threats or acts of retaliation against individuals
affairs are managed by a global network of qualified and trained tax
who, in good faith, provide information regarding actual or potential
professionals, supported by professional services firms, who work
misconduct in connection with reports of actual or potential misconduct.
closely with our business. Oversight and governance of tax matters are
maintained through rigorous internal review and approval procedures
The Code applies to all Kenvuers, as well as consultants and third-
Kenvue Integrity Line
party contractors engaged by Kenvue to act on our behalf, regardless
The Kenvue Integrity Line is a global channel for reporting grievances
of where we work or the type of work we do. It provides clear
or concerns, available 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and in 24
expectations of what it means to conduct business and behave in an
languages, and is a key enabler of our Speak Up policy. It is managed by
Tax planning and risk
ethical manner. Every employee and all Company representatives are
a third-party – NAVEX – and provides a secure and confidential method
Our global tax organization partners with our business leaders to
expected to know, understand, and act in accordance with the Code,
to report concerns. The Integrity Line offers anonymous reporting (where
provide tax planning that aligns with our business operations, enhances
Company policies, and the laws that govern our activities
permitted by local law) of concerns or potential violations of Kenvue
value, and manages tax risks. Our tax planning is informed and driven by
policies or the law.
how our business operates and grows, and we do not create tax haven
Code of Conduct training
To familiarize all Kenvuers with the Code, we use an interactive training
course (available in nine languages), which outlines our expectations
for appropriate conduct and reinforces our Purpose to realize the
extraordinary power of everyday care. For people without access to
computers, including in our manufacturing sites, we hold instructor-led
training classes with offline materials. In 2025, 98% of team members
completed the Code of Conduct training.1
The process to raise concerns is designed to allow for quick processing,
investigation, and escalation of complaints, as needed. A grievance or
concern reported to the Integrity Line is sent first to NAVEX. If direct
escalation is required, it goes immediately to the Triage Committee, which
is composed of cross-functional representatives from legal, ethics and
compliance, human resources, and global audit and assurance. Similarly,
the Triage Committee also reviews sensitive concerns or potential
violations escalated via other channels.
by the appropriate members of our tax leadership and global audit and
assurance, with oversight by the Audit Committee of the Board.
resident entities for use in our operations.
Transparency and our relationship with external stakeholders
We value transparency and cooperation with tax authorities and are
committed to engaging with the tax authorities in all countries in which
we operate in a professional, courteous, honest, and collaborative
manner regarding all tax matters. In the event a tax authority disagrees
with our views on the appropriate tax treatment of a given item, we work
constructively to try to resolve the issue in a timely manner through
Speak Up policy
The Triage Committee determines the appropriate course of action. This
appropriate methods of dispute resolution. We seek to be a valued
Kenvue encourages open and candid discussions and provides all
could include sending the concern to the relevant internal teams (e.g.,
partner to governments and advocate for tax legislation that provides
Kenvuers free and unfettered access to ask questions and report
global security or global brand protection) or initiating an investigative
clarity and fairness, as well as encouraging innovation and growth.
concerns and grievances. In keeping with this commitment, the Kenvue
process which culminates in a final decision. If appropriate, management
action plans and/or disciplinary action plans may be issued
Excludes employees in Russia.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters. 64
For more information on our tax position, including our effective tax rate
children under 16 years old and direct advertising of products to
and human oversight. All AI-generated content is reviewed by
for the 2025 fiscal year, please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K.
children under the age of 13. We also comply with applicable global
human teams to maintain accuracy, cultural sensitivity, and brand
regulations and industry best practices to prevent the promotion of
integrity. We are actively working to mitigate algorithmic bias
unhealthy behaviors.
and ensure that automated decision-making does not negatively
Responsible marketing
We recognize the critical role marketing plays in shaping consumer
choices, and we are committed to marketing practices that are
Ethical digital and influencer engagement: In an increasingly
impact vulnerable populations or create health misinformation.
digital world, we recognize the responsibility that comes with
Sustainability: We are committed to promoting products, services,
engaging consumers across social media and digital platforms. We
and behaviors that support environmental health, without
work hard to ensure that our influencer partnerships and digital
greenwashing or overstating impact. Our marketing content
Our global media content guidelines provide a framework for our
marketing campaigns adhere to ethical guidelines, including full
reflects the sustainability journey of our brands with honesty,
marketing teams, and our Code of Conduct outlines our expectations for
disclosure of sponsorships and a commitment to responsible
aligning to our sustainability priorities, industry best practices,
responsible marketing and promotion of our products. To support this,
content that avoids exploiting consumer insecurities or promoting
and applicable environmental labeling regulations. We avoid
we align with marketing principles that support these values:
unrealistic expectations.
overconsumption messaging and instead encourage mindful use,
responsible, transparent, and that enable consumers to make informed
decisions, thereby earning their trust and loyalty.
reuse, and recycling, where applicable.
Transparency and scientific integrity: We believe consumers
Media responsibility: We aim to align our advertising with
deserve clear, accurate, and evidence-based information about our
consumer media consumption preferences while also protecting
By embedding responsibility into our marketing strategy, we work to
products. That’s why our marketing communications are rooted in
our brand equity and maintaining global benchmarks for the quality
ensure that Kenvue communications not only drive business growth, but
scientific integrity and our health-related claims are substantiated
of our media concerning ad fraud, viewability, and brand safety.
also contribute positively to public health.
by robust clinical data. We prioritize consumer education to
empower individuals to make informed choices.
Commitment to regulatory compliance: We align our marketing
practices with global regulatory frameworks and voluntary
Consumer data privacy: We are committed to the ethical
industry standards, including those set by the International
collection, use, and protection of personal data, in compliance
Chamber of Commerce, World Federation of Advertisers, and
with all applicable data privacy laws, including the European
local health authorities. Compliance is embedded in our marketing
review processes to maintain the highest ethical standards in all
the United Kingdom’s General Data Protection Regulation (“U.K.
our communications.
transparency on how data is used for personalization or analytics.
data minimization, security, and respect for user preferences.
Consumer trust is built on transparency, and our privacy policies
consumers make informed choices about their digital footprint.
Protecting vulnerable audiences: We uphold strict marketing
guidelines to protect vulnerable populations, particularly children
and at-risk communities. Our policies prohibit collecting data from
Empowering consumers through education: Beyond compliance,
we see marketing as an opportunity to educate consumers
on health and well-being. Through evidence-based content,
partnerships with healthcare professionals, and accessible product
information, we aim to support individuals in making choices that
contribute to their long-term health and well-being.
Responsible use of artificial intelligence (AI): Any AI-driven
tools used in our marketing, whether for personalization, content
creation, or analytics, are subject to internal governance to help
ensure they align with our principles of transparency, fairness,
65
SASB Index
GRI Index
66
Workforce composition
Total number of employees
-
-
~22,000
~22,000
Percent of workforce that are manufacturing employees
24%
23%
23%
Percent of workforce that are part-time employees
1%
1%
25%
25%
Europe, Middle East, and Africa
28%
19%
29%
30%
38%
Value of in-kind contributions1
$31.0M
$55.2M
$50.0M
Value of cash contributions
$0.7M
$1.1M
$3.4M
Global workforce*
Figures for Healthy People tables
are expressed for the calendar year
beginning January 1 through December
Total employees by regions*
31 for each year reported, unless
otherwise specified.
Collective bargaining agreements
Percent of employees part of
collective bargaining agreements
The methodology to calculate product donations was a combination of Fair Market Value (FMV), intercompany price or Cost of
Goods, and/or retail recommended value. For 2025, intercompany price or Cost of Goods was not included. Product donation cost was
calculated only on FMV or recommended retail price (RRP).
* In 2026, data from 2025 received limited third-party assurance from ERM CVS.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
67
Employee engagement
Number of languages available
17
20
18
Number of countries reported
59
58
58
Response rate (among all active employees)1
92%
94%
92%
Engagement Score
81%
86%
82%
Inclusion Index Score
85%
86%
84%
Developmental learning (non-compliance)
11.7
11.3
Compliance training
17.0
Lost workday case rate
0.12
0.15
0.17
Total recordable incident rate
0.40
0.45
0.37
ASTM injury and illness case rate3
0.41
Number of fatalities — employees
0
0
Number of fatalities — contractors
Engage survey*
Learning and development
Average hours of training per employee2 per year
Workforce health, safety,
and well-being
Employee safety*
All employees who have been at Kenvue since October 10th, 2025 were invited to participate.
* In 2026, data from 2025 received limited third-party assurance from ERM CVS.
Based on the number of employees report under Global workforce in the reporting year.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
Incidents per 1,000,000 work hours
68
Climate change
809,290
786,542
728,469
720,814
735,073
Percent of energy from renewable sources
18.8%
27.3%
39.9%
44.5%
42.4%
Percent of energy from non-renewable sources
81.2%
72.7%
60.1%
55.5%
57.6%
Energy consumption* (MWh)
Total energy consumption
Figures for Healthy Planet tables
are expressed for the calendar year
beginning January 1 through December
Renewable electricity by region1,* (MWh)
31 for each year reported, unless
otherwise specified and reflect all sites
Total Kenvue renewable electricity
in Kenvue’s operational control.
130,183
29.3%
186,421
43.3%
263,839
65.2%
293,436
72.0%
302,562
94,861
58.7%
88,165
59.5%
90,610
62.8%
91,710
68.0%
92,889
69.2%
Europe, Middle East, and Africa
35,104
33.8%
91,203
87.2%
75,908
81.1%
76,623
73.0%
82,666
0.0%
514
0.7%
75,175
74,148
71,256
218
0.2%
6,539
6.6%
22,146
24.2%
50,956
55.0%
55,751
62.1%
Scope 1 GHG emissions* (MTs CO2e)
Scope 1 emissions
73,841
71,982
62,919
56,538
63,544
Scope 2 Location-based emissions
158,307
154,554
146,245
152,261
145,092
Scope 2 Market-based emissions
136,832
113,934
93,610
76,262
60,000
Total Scope 1 + 2 Market-based emissions*
210,673
185,916
156,529
132,800
123,544
Total annual reduction of Scope 1 + 2 emissions (%)
0%
11.8%
25.7%
37.0%
41.4%
Scope 2 GHG emissions* (MTs CO2e)
Scope 1+2 GHG emissions (MTs CO2e)
Due to rounding, totals may not sum precisely.
* In 2026, data from 2025 received limited third-party assurance from ERM CVS.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
69
3,652,178
3,410,360
2,881,408
2,999,637
Category 1: Purchased goods and services3
2,644,220
2,519,417
2,212,2036
2,305,433
Category 2: Capital goods3
18,063
21,474
17,511
17,083
Category 3: Fuel-and-energy related activities4
71,127
64,867
61,294
44,343
Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution
696,046
549,345
346,127
411,954
Category 5: Waste generated in operations5
2,314
2,063
497
1,157
Category 6: Business travel
23,514
25,901
38,665
14,787
Category 7: Employee commuting
28,208
34,692
33,633
24,428
Category 8: Upstream leased assets
4,745
5,958
8,080
8,407
Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution
18,082
18,406
12,822
20,361
Category 11: Use of sold products
1,129
817
764
805
Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products
143,995
166,869
149,773
150,879
Category 15: Investments
735
551
41
21%
35%7
Scope 3* (MTs CO2e)
Total Kenvue Scope 3 GHG emissions1,2
Scope 3 SBT supplier engagement
Percent of Kenvue's suppliers by emissions covering
Category 1: Purchased goods and services and Category 4:
Upstream transportation and distribution, that have
science-based targets
Emissions from C10: Processing of sold products, C13: Downstream leased assets, and C14: Franchises are not applicable to Kenvue.
Due to rounding, totals may not sum precisely.
Scope 3 data limited assurance provided by ERM CVS includes all Scope 3 categories except C1: Purchased goods and services – Forest
Land and Agriculture (FLAG) emissions (452,958 MT CO2e) and C15: Investments (0 MT CO2e).
Due to the US EPA discontinuing the EEIO database in Q3 2025, 2025 emissions were calculated using Cornerstone Supply Chain
Greenhouse Gas Emission Factors v1.4.
In 2025, no transmission, distribution, or upstream fuel related emissions associated with electricity generation from onsite renewables
were calculated.
2025 waste emissions were calculated using DEFRA’s newest emissions factors, published June 10, 2025.
Updated 2024 FLAG emissions calculations after identifying a data quality improvement opportunity to 623,307 MT CO2e. This
improvement exceeded our 5% materiality threshold.
Calculated based on 2024 supplier spend and CO2 emissions as the 2025 data is not yet available.
* In 2026, data from 2025 received limited third-party assurance from ERM CVS.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
70
806,901
784,847
723,138
720,814
715,222
Electricity purchased from grid
441,644
423,230
385,188
385,120
351,844
Natural gas
284,951
266,846
218,704
207,012
216,691
Diesel fuel
44,396
44,461
50,819
39,421
45,987
Direct heating/district cooling
15,528
19,763
18,520
19,048
16,637
Steam
3,068
5,882
17,556
20,086
26,995
Propane
1,513
1,829
1,347
1,690
583
Kerosene
5,129
4,714
3,899
5,607
4,919
Fuel oil
3,686
4,541
2,415
3,109
2,869
Liquefied petroleum gas (LPG)
Co-generation/tri-generation (electricity)
9,815
18,262
29,406
Biogas
6,821
8,414
8,206
8,129
9,062
Leased solar PV
162
5,165
6,614
13,324
10,215
Petrol
53
Biodiesel
14
19,851
Owned solar PV
5,582
Steam and cooling from co-generation/tri-generation
14,269
Energy use by type1 (MWh)
Total Kenvue purchased energy*
Total Kenvue not purchased energy
Due to rounding, totals may not sum precisely.
* In 2026, data from 2025 received limited third-party assurance from ERM CVS.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
71
Biodiversity, land and forest
Palm oil sourcing (MTs)
Total Kenvue volume of palm
oil-based ingredients purchased1
30,600
35,450
30,630
Identity Preserved
Segregated
Mass Balance
9,200
30%
21,160
60%
24,010
78%
Book & Claim credits
21,400
70%
14,290
40%
6,620
22%
Total Kenvue volume of paper
and wood fiber sourced2
84,718
82,230
77,400
Total volume of certified or verified recycled paper
and wood fiber packaging
79,728
94%
80,030
97%
75,750
98%
FSC® certified paper and wood fiber
43,123
51%
49,480
65,390
PEFC certified paper and wood fiber
13,660
16%
11,720
14%
2,860
Verified recycled paper and wood fiber
22,945
27%
18,830
7,500
10%
4,990
6%
2,200
3%
1,650
2%
Volumes of palm oil-based ingredients purchased
through RSPO physical supply chains or covered
by RSPO Book & Claim credits
Paper and wood fiber sourcing* (MTs)
Total volume of paper and wood fiber packaging
not certified or verified recycled3
Includes palm‑oil–based ingredients procured by Kenvue for its own sites, as well as those procured by External Manufacturers,
where Kenvue specifies the source of supply. The total weight of palm‑oil–based ingredients is calculated using the 2025
Business Plan volumes, supported by internal subject‑matter expertise and standard conversion factors as defined in the
RSPO Supply Chain Certification Standard, as applicable.
For some of the volumes included, insufficient evidence was available to confirm their certified or verified recycled status.
Therefore, they are assumed to be non-certified, virgin.
The information provided is primarily based on supplier-reported data collected through structured surveys, including, among
others, volume, certification/recycled status, and country of origin. Supporting documentation (e.g., calculation files, Enterprise
Resource Planning extracts, certification records, and invoices) is obtained and reviewed, and efforts are made to validate its
accuracy and completeness. Volumes include direct purchases of cartons, corrugates, and leaflets, and excludes packaging
materials sourced through certain externally manufactured products.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
* In 2026, data from 2025 received limited third-party assurance from ERM CVS.
72
Waste
59,830
57,700
53,950
Hazardous waste (%)
8.8%
8.2%
9.8%
Non-hazardous waste (%)
91.2%
91.8%
90.2%
46,173
45,000
41,730
77.1%
78.1%
77.3%
Discharged
2.3
2.2
Withdrawal
3.3
Consumption
1.1
Waste generated and diverted from disposal1,*
Total waste generated (MTs)
Total waste diverted from disposal (MTs)
Total waste diverted from disposal (%)
Water
Water1,* (million cubic meters)
Applies to 27 Kenvue-owned manufacturing sites as well as two R&D sites.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
73
3%
17%
Number of Directors
11
12
Number of Independent Directors
9
Percentage of Independent Directors
64%
82%
97%3
96%3
98%4
Supplier engagement1
Percent of Kenvue total suppliers with
EcoVadis assessments completed
Board of Directors
Figures for Healthy Products tables
are expressed for the calendar year
Composition of Board of Directors2
31 for each year reported, unless
otherwise specified.
Employee training
Kenvue Code of Conduct (COC) training
Percentage of active employees who
completed online COC training
Supplier EcoVadis assessments for 2023, 2024, and 2025 are reported as of March 22, 2024, April 22, 2025, and March 3, 2026, respectively.
Response for 2025 includes manufacturing employees and excludes employees located in Russia
Board composition for 2023, 2024, and 2025 is reported as of April 10, 2024, December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2025, respectively.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
Excludes manufacturing employees.
74
Plastics
Total weight of plastic packaging1
125,000
117,000
105,000
107,000
101,000
Percent of plastic packaging made from recycled
and/or renewable materials
1.0%
4.4%
6.9%
8.7%
18.4%
Total percent reduction of virgin plastics in packaging weight
1.0%
9.6%
21.1%
21.4%
33.2%
Percent of plastic packaging that is
recyclable at scale or refillable
72.8%
71.1%
71.4%
69.0%
67.1%
Percent of plastic packaging that is recyclable or refillable
80.3%
Number of regulatory inspections of Kenvue sites2
by worldwide health authorities
125
124
147
Percent of regulatory inspections that
resulted in zero observations
83%
78%
Number of FDA inspections of Kenvue sites
Percent of FDA inspections that
resulted in zero observations
75%
75%
67%
Average number of observations per FDA inspection
1.25
0.50
1.70
Number of independent audits of Kenvue sites to ensure
compliance with Kenvue Quality Policy & Standards
43
40
Number of FDA warning letters issued
Number of Kenvue sites certified to ISO 9001
Number of recalls
Plastic packaging (MTs)
Product quality and consumer safety
Product quality indicators
Packaging for direct purchases may not include all externally manufactured products. Total weight of plastics packaging is calculated
utilizing 2025 purchase volumes. Post-consumer recycled (PCR) percentage was based on business plan.
Applies to all Kenvue-owned manufacturing facilities.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
75
Number of Kenvue-owned and operated manufacturing facilities1 -
Number of Kenvue manufacturing and R&D
sites2 certified to ISO 140013
29
29
Percent of Kenvue manufacturing and R&D
sites2 certified to ISO 140013
Number of Kenvue manufacturing and R&D
sites2 certified to ISO 450013
Percent of Kenvue manufacturing and R&D
sites2 certified to ISO 450013
10.3%
10.3%
24.1%
Number of environmental non-compliances
8
15
Fines paid for environmental non-compliances (USD)
$600
$1,200
$0
Net sales
$15,444
$15,455
$15,124
Net income
$1,664
$1,030
$1,470
Self Care
$6,451
$6,527
$6,378
Skin Health & Beauty
$4,378
$4,240
$4,114
Essential Health
$4,615
$4,688
$4,632
Quality, environmental,
health and safety
EHS compliance and certifications
Financials
Financial results4 (millions)
Net sales by business segment4 (millions)
Kenvue-owned facilities used for manufacturing, where Kenvue has operational control.
The total manufacturing and R&D sites exclude small R&D and manufacturing sites (defined as less than 50 employees).
Certified to ISO 14001 or ISO 45001 means the site has received an external certification that is valid as of 2025 reporting year.
Results for the fiscal twelve months ended December 31, 2023, December 29, 2024, and December 28, 2025 as reported in Kenvue’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K released on February 20, 2026.
Please see page 86 for data definitions and goals & commitments parameters.
76
Disclosure Topic and Account Metrics
Location/Response
Kenvue 2025
Healthy Lives Mission Report
Water Management
SASB Index:
Household &
Personal Products
Standard
CG-HP-140a.1
(1) Total water withdrawn, (2) total water consumed, percentage of each
in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress
Data tables, p. 73 (Water)
Kenvue does not disclose percentages.
CG-HP-140a.2
Description of water management risks and discussion of strategies
and practices to mitigate those risks
Water, p. 50-52
Product Environmental, Health, and Safety Performance
CG-HP-250a.1
Revenue from products that contain REACH substances of very high concern (SVHC)
Kenvue does not disclose this data.
CG-HP-250a.2
Revenue from products that contain substances on the California DTSC Candidate Chemicals List
Kenvue does not disclose this data.
Product quality and consumer safety, p. 53-57
CG-HP-250a.3
Discussion of process to identify and manage emerging materials and chemicals of concern
Position on Impact of Pharmaceuticals and Personal Care Products in
the Environment
Position on Quality, Safety and Compliance
CG-HP-250a.4
Revenue from products designed with green chemistry principles
Kenvue does not disclose this data.
Packaging Lifecycle Management
CG-HP-410a.1
(1) Total weight of packaging, (2) percentage made from recycled and/or renewable materials, and
(3) percentage that is recyclable, reusable, and/or compostable
Packaging solutions, p. 61-63
Data tables, p. 75 (Plastic packaging)
CG-HP-410a.2
Discussion of strategies to reduce the environmental impact of packaging throughout its lifecycle
Packaging solutions, p. 61-63
Waste, p. 50
Environmental and Social Impacts of Palm Oil Supply Chain
CG-HP-430a.1
Amount of palm oil sourced, percentage certified through the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil
Palm oil, p. 48-49
(RSPO) supply chains as (a) Identity Preserved, (b) Segregated, (c) Mass Balance, or (d) Book & Claim Data tables, p. 72 (Palm oil sourcing)
Activity Metrics
CG-HP-000.A
Units of products sold, total weight of products sold
Kenvue does not disclose this data.
CG-HP-000.B
Number of manufacturing facilities
Data tables, p. 76 (EHS compliance and certifications)
77
GRI Standard
Kenvue 2025
Healthy Lives Mission Report
General Disclosures
GRI Index
GRI General Disclosures 2021
Kenvue has reported the information
cited in this GRI content index for the
period January 1, 2025 to December
GRI Disclosure
Location/Response
Kenvue Inc. is a publicly traded corporation.
2-1: Organizational details
The location of our headquarters is 1 Kenvue Way, Summit, NJ 07901.
The countries of our operations are listed in our Form 10-K, Exhibit 21.
2-2: Entities included in the organization’s
ESG Reporting
31, 2025 with reference to the GRI
About this report, p. 5
Form 10-K, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Description of the Company and Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies
About this report, p. 5
Standards.
Kenvue intends to publish the HLM Report annually.
2-2: Entities included in the organization’s
ESG Reporting
Kenvue's fiscal year (FY) ends on the Sunday nearest to the end of the month of December.
January 1, 2025 and December 31, 2025. Kenvue's financial and ESG reporting periods are aligned.
Kenvue's 2025 Healthy Lives Mission Report was published on June 16, 2026.
For questions about the report or reported information, please contact: sustainability@kenvue.com
2-4: Restatements of information
2-5: External assurance
2-6: Activities, value chain, and other
business relationships
2-7: Employees
There are no restatements of information.
Kenvue's Director, ESG Reporting & Engagement led the process of seeking external assurance.
Limited Assurance Statement 2025
About Kenvue, p. 4
Form 10-K, Item 1. Business
Form 10-K, Item 1. Business; Item 1A. Risk Factors
Data tables, p. 67 (Global workforce)
Data tables, p. 67 (Total employees by regions)
Delivering our sustainability strategy, p. 8
2-9: Governance structure and composition
Principles of Corporate Governance, p. 4-6
Proxy Statement, p. 10-23, 25-28, 32-33
Governance
2-10: Nomination and selection of the
highest governance body
Principles of Corporate Governance, p. 4-6, 13
2-11: Chair of the highest governance body
The Chair of the Board of Directors is not a senior executive.
2-12: Role of the highest governance body in
overseeing the management of impacts
Proxy Statement, p. 9
Delivering our sustainability strategy, p. 8
Proxy Statement, p. 30-31
Principles of Corporate Governance
78
GRI Standard
GRI Disclosure
2-13: Delegation of responsibility for
managing impacts
Delivering our sustainability strategy, p. 8
General Disclosures
GRI General Disclosures 2021
2-14: Role of the highest governance body in
Principles of Corporate Governance
The Nominating, Governance & Sustainability Committee of the Kenvue Board of Directors reviews
the progress of sustainability goals and objectives, trends in enforcement and industry practices,
and discusses any significant reports or public statements relating to sustainability or ESG matters,
including this Report.
Principles of Corporate Governance, p. 2
2-15: Conflicts of interest
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Members of the Board of Directors and Executive Officers, p. 1-2
Proxy Statement, p. 11, 32
2-16: Communication of critical concerns
Principles of Corporate Governance, p. 5
Proxy Statement, p. 38
2-17: Collective knowledge of the highest
governance body
Principles of Corporate Governance, p. 6-7
2-18: Evaluation of the performance of the
highest governance body
Principles of Corporate Governance, p. 6-7
2-19: Remuneration policies
Proxy Statement, p. 40-71
2-20: Process to determine remuneration
Proxy Statement, p. 33
Proxy Statement, p. 29
Principles of Corporate Governance, p. 4
Proxy Statement, p. 40-71
2-21: Annual total compensation ratio
Proxy Statement, p. 71
2-22: Statement on sustainable
development strategy
Message from our CEO, p. 3
Ethics and compliance, p. 64-65
2-23: Policy commitments
Kenvue Code of Conduct
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Members of the Board of Directors and Executive Officers
2-24: Embedding policy commitments
Ethics and compliance, p. 64-65
79
2-25: Processes to remediate negative
impacts
Kenvue Integrity Line
Palm oil, p. 48-49
2-26: Mechanisms for seeking advice and
raising concerns
Kenvue Code of Conduct, p. 7-9
2-27: Compliance with laws and regulations
Data tables, p. 76 (EHS compliance and certifications)
Kenvue participates in the following industry and membership associations, amongst others:
Business for Social Responsibility Consumer Goods Forum
Ellen McArthur Foundation Global Commitments
Intellectual Property Owners Association I
International Anti-Counterfeiting Coalition
2-28: Membership associations
International Trademark Association
Pharmaceutical Trademarks Group
Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO)
Self Care Federation
Sustainable Brands
Trellis Group World Wide Fund for Nature Climate Business Network
2-29: Approach to stakeholder engagement
Determining double materiality, p. 9
2-30: Collective bargaining agreements
Data tables, p. 67 (Collective bargaining agreements)
3-1: Process to determine material topics
Determining double materiality, p. 9
3-2: List of material topics
Material Topics
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
Economic Performance
GRI 201: Economic Performance
2025 CDP Response, p. 51-77
201-2: Financial implications and other risks
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, p. 9-12
and opportunities due to climate change
Climate resilience and risk management, p. 37
80
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
3-3: Management of material topic
Inclusion, p. 26-28
GRI 404:
Training & Education 2016
404-1: Average hours of training per year per
Data tables, p. 68 (Learning and development)
employee
404-2: Programs for upgrading employee
skills and transition assistance programs
Learning and development, p. 25
Workforce health, safety and well-being
GRI 3: Material Topics
3-3: Management of material topic
Workforce health, safety, and well-being, p. 29-31
GRI 403: Occupational Health
and Safety 2018
403-1: Occupational health and safety
management system
Workforce health, safety, and well-being, p. 29-31
403-2: Hazard identification, risk
assessment, and incident investigation
Workforce health, safety, and well-being, p. 29-31
403-3: Occupational health services
Workforce health, safety, and well-being, p. 29-31
403-4: Worker participation, consultation,
and communication on occupational health
and safety
Workforce health, safety, and well-being, p. 29-31
403-5: Worker training on occupational
health and safety
Workforce health, safety, and well-being, p. 29-31
403-6: Promotion of worker health
Workforce health, safety, and well-being, p. 29-31
403-7: Prevention and mitigation of
occupational health and safety impacts
directly linked by business relationships
Workforce health, safety, and well-being, p. 29-31
403-8: Workers covered by an occupational
health and safety management system
Workforce health, safety, and well-being, p. 29-31
81
403-9: Work-related injuries
Data tables, p. 68 (Employee safety)
403-10: Work-related ill health
Data tables, p. 68 (Employee safety)
Public health, p. 32-33
Data tables, p. 67 (Humanitarian aid)
Human rights, p. 34-36
GRI 403: Occupational Health
and Safety 2018
GRI 3: Material Topics
Kenvue Code of Conduct (COC) Training
Data tables, p. 74 (Kenvue Code of Conduct training)
Human rights considerations are covered in Kenvue's Code of Conduct.
GRI 302: Energy 2016
302-1: Energy consumption within the
organization
302-4: Reduction of energy consumption
Climate change, p. 37-46
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 2023 Report
Data tables, p. 69 (Energy consumption)
Data tables, p. 71 (Energy use by type)
Data tables, p. 69 (Renewable electricity by region)
Data tables, p. 69 (Energy consumption)
302-5: Reductions in energy requirements of
Data tables, p. 71 (Energy by use type)
products and services
GRI 305: Emissions 2016
305-1: Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions
Data tables, p. 69 (Scope 1 GHG emissions)
305-2: Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG
Data tables, p. 69 (Scope 2 GHG emissions)
305-3: Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG
Data tables, p. 70 (Scope 3 GHG emissions, by source)
305-5: Reduction of GHG emissions
Data tables, p. 69 (Scope 1 + 2 GHG emissions)
82
Biodiversity, land and forests, p. 47-49
Biodiversity, land and forests, p. 47-49
GRI 101: Biodiversity 2024
101-1 Policies to halt and reverse biodiversity Position on Responsible Palm Oil Sourcing
loss
Position on Responsible Wood Fiber Sourcing
Position on Sustainable Sourcing
Water
GRI 303: Water & Effluents 2018
303-1: Interactions with water as a shared
resource
303-2: Management of water dischargerelated impacts
Water, p. 50-52
Pharmaceuticals and personal care product ingredients in the environment, p. 51
Position on Impact of Pharmaceuticals and Personal Care Products in the Environment
303-3: Water withdrawal
Data tables, p. 73 (Water)
303-4: Water discharge
303-5: Water consumption
Waste, p. 50-52
GRI 306: Waste 2020
306-1: Waste generation and significant
waste-related impacts
Waste, p. 50-52
Waste
306-2: Management of significant wasterelated impacts
306-3: Waste generated
Data tables, p. 73 (Waste generated and diverted from disposal)
306-4: Waste diverted from disposal
Data tables, p. 73 (Waste generated and diverted from disposal)
306-5: Waste directed to disposal
Data tables, p. 73 (Waste generated and diverted from disposal)
Position on Impact of Pharmaceuticals and Personal Care Products in the Environment
83
Product quality and consumer safety
Product quality and consumer safety, p. 49-53
Position on Quality, Safety and Compliance
416-2: Incidents of non-compliance
concerning the health and safety impacts
of products and services
Data tables, p. 75 (Product quality indicators)
Sustainable product innovation, p. 58-60
Product transparency, p. 60
GRI 301: Materials 2016
301-1: Materials used by weight or volume
Data tables, p. 75 (Plastic packaging)
301-2: Recycled input materials used
Data tables, p. 75 (Plastic packaging)
GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016
205-2: Communication and training about
anti-corruption policies and procedures
Data tables, p. 74 (Kenvue Code of Conduct training)
GRI 308: Supplier Environmental
Assessment 2016
308-1: New suppliers that were screened
using environmental criteria
Data tables, p. 70 (Scope 3 SBT Supplier Engagement)
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in
the supply chain and actions taken
Data tables, p. 70 (Scope 3 SBT Supplier Engagement)
Product transparency
Kenvue's Code of Conduct covers our stance on anti-corruption.
Kenvue’s Supplier Code of Conduct
Position on Sustainable Sourcing
Data tables, p. 70 (Scope 3 SBT Supplier Engagement)
GRI 414: Supplier Social
Assessment 2017
414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply
chain and actions taken
Global Modern Slavery Statement 2025
Position on Human Rights
Kenvue’s Supplier Code of Conduct
84
Data definitions
85
Metric/topic
Definition
Employees
Employees are defined as individuals working full-time or part-time, excluding fixed-term employees, interns, and co-op employees. Contingent
workers, contractors, subcontractors, and individuals on long-term disability are also excluded.
Kenvuers
All Kenvuers irrespective of gender, race, ethnicity or any other characteristic protected by law.
Manufacturing employees
Manufacturing employees are defined as non-supervisory personnel, who are engaged in functions such as production, production maintenance,
quality control inspections, materials management distribution, and warehousing.
Part-time employees
Part-time employees are defined in the U.S. as employees currently on the payroll who have a continual and regularly scheduled workweek of 20 hours
or more, but less than 35 hours. Data for non-U.S. employees follows each country’s regulations regarding temporary part-time status.
Engagement Index is scored as % favorable responses using the 5 pt Likert Scale of "Strongly Agree - Agree - Neither Agree nor Disagree - Disagree Strongly Disagree" across 5 questions:
Engagement score
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
My work gives me a sense of personal accomplishment.
At Kenvue, I am motivated to contribute above and beyond what is required in my role.
I am proud to be a Kenvuer.
I would like to be working at Kenvue one year from now.
I would recommend Kenvue as a great place to work.
Respondents are provided a sixth response option of “Don’t Know” to enable them to provide an accurate representation of their opinions. This
response option is excluded from all favorability calculations.
Inclusion index is scored as % favorable responses using the 5 pt Likert scale of “Strongly Agree – Agree – Neither Agree nor Disagree -DisagreeStrongly Disagree” across 8 questions:
Inclusion index score
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
Senior Leadership is committed to building a diverse workforce.
Diverse perspectives are valued at Kenvue.
I feel like I belong in my workgroup.
I trust my people leader (manager).
My people leader values my perspective even when it is different from their own.
I am treated with respect at work.
I feel like I belong at Kenvue.
Everyone can succeed to their full potential at Kenvue.
Respondents are provided a sixth response option of “Don’t Know” to enable them to provide an accurate representation of their opinions. This
response option is excluded from all favorability calculations.
86
Metric/topic
Definition
People Leader effectiveness is scored as % favorable responses using the 5 pt Likert Scale of "Strongly Agree - Agree - Neither Agree nor Disagree Disagree - Strongly Disagree" across 13 questions:
People leader effectiveness
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
I can see a clear link between my work and Kenvue's vision and objectives.
I am encouraged to come up with better ways of doing things.
I have a clear understanding of what is expected of me in my role.
I receive feedback that helps me improve my performance.
My job performance is evaluated fairly.
I receive meaningful recognition when I do a good job.
I feel like I belong in my workgroup.
My workload is manageable.
My people leader supports me in my career development.
My people leader role models The Kenvue Way.
My people leader and I have meaningful conversations for setting my goals and objectives.
I trust my people leader.
I have the flexibility I need in my work schedule to meet both work and personal needs.
Respondents are provided a sixth response option of “Don’t Know” to enable them to provide an accurate representation of their opinions. This
response option is excluded from all favorability calculations.
Compliance training
Compliance training consists of training required to meet regulatory purposes.
Developmental learning
Training includes voluntary, developmental learning and excludes compliance training.
In many countries, union membership/collective bargaining agreements is considered a private matter and may not be tracked for those countries. In
some countries, employees who are not union members may nevertheless be subject to collective bargaining agreements.
ASTM injury and illness case rate
ASTM Injury and Illness rates are expressed in incidents per 1,000,000 work hours. The rate calculation uses the following formula: Number of ASTM
Level 1 injuries and / or Illnesses x 1,000,000 / Number of hours worked. As per ASTM Standard E2920-24 we use 2,000 hours per year, multiplied by
full-time-equivalent (FTE), the same as for TRIR (based on an assumption of 167 hours worked per employee per month).
Lost workday case rate
“Lost days” are calendar days counted beginning the day after an incident has taken place.
Total recordable incident rate (TRIR)
The number of recordable incidents per 100 full-time workers. Kenvue calculates TRIR based on an assumption of 167 hours worked per employee per
month.
87
Non-renewable energy sources
Non-renewable energy sources are defined in GRI 302: Energy 2016; an energy source is an energy source that cannot be replenished, reproduced,
grown or generated in a short time period through ecological cycles or agricultural processes (e.g., coal, fuels distilled from petroleum or crude oil,
fuels extracted from natural gas processing and petroleum refining; natural gas).
Inventory and reporting are aligned with RE100 technical criteria and supplemented by CDP.
Operational control
Applies to all Kenvue-owned facilities where Kenvue has operational control, regardless of building type; all leased facilities used for manufacturing
and/or research and development; and leased, non-manufacturing and/or non-research and development facilities where the facility is greater than
50,000 square feet and where Kenvue has operational control. The 2020 baseline and all subsequent reporting years include all facilities aligned to
Kenvue’s structure upon separation from Johnson & Johnson in 2023 and do not include any operational or organizational exclusions.
Renewable energy sources
Renewable energy sources are defined in GRI 302: Energy 2016; an energy source that is capable of being replenished in a short time through
ecological cycles or agricultural processes (e.g., biomass, geothermal, hydro, solar, wind). Renewable electricity targets are achieved through a
combination of actions, including on-site solar, virtual power purchase agreements (VPPAs), direct power purchase agreements (PPAs), energy
attribute certificates (EACs), also known as renewable electricity certificates (RECs), and green retail contracts.
SBTi Net-Zero Standard
Scope 1 inventory management
Scope 2 inventory management
According to SBTi Net-Zero Standard, long-term targets must have a target year of 2050 or sooner.
Developing the Corporate Net zero Standard Version 2, 2025.
The inventory was compiled in accordance with the World Resources Institute (WRI) / World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD)
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol - A Corporate Account and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition 2013) including the amendment to this protocol,
GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance (2015). Scope 1 emission factors are sourced from a variety of reputable public sources which includes emission
factors for fuel sources which are multiplied by the associated global warming potential (GWP) and added together to determine the total CO2e.
Scope 1 emissions are defined as from sources that are owned or controlled by Kenvue and occur on-site within its operational boundaries. The target
boundary includes land-related emissions and removals from bioenergy feedstocks.
The inventory was compiled in accordance with the World Resources Institute (WRI) / World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD)
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol - A Corporate Account and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition 2013) including the amendment to this protocol,
GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance (2015). Scope 2 accounts for GHG emissions from the generation of purchased electricity consumed by Kenvue.
The target boundary includes land-related emissions and removals from bioenergy feedstocks. Unless otherwise noted, references to Scope 2 in this
report are market-based.
Scope 3 inventory management
Scope 3 are defined as indirect emissions (not included in scope 2) that occur in the value chain of the reporting company, including both upstream
and downstream emissions and are aligned with The World Business Council on Sustainable Development (WBCSD) defined 15 scope 3 categories in
the Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard.
88
Scope 3; Category 1:
Purchased goods and services
Includes emissions from all upstream impacts (cradle to gate) from Kenvue's supply chain related to goods (such as external manufacturing,
chemicals, packaging) and services (media, marketing, research services). This also includes Forest, Land and Agriculture (FLAG) emissions from
cotton, palm oil, and timber. Annual emissions are calculated using company spend in the report year paired with appropriate economic input/out
(IO) Supply Chain Greenhouse Gas Emissions Factors. Emissions associated with intercompany transactions between Kenvue entities have been
excluded. These emissions are already captured in the Scope 1 and 2 inventories of the supplying entities and/or in the upstream Scope 3 emissions of
the original procurement. This treatment aligns with the GHG Protocol’s principle of avoiding duplication across scopes and entities within the same
organizational boundary.
Scope 3; Category 2: Capital goods
Includes emissions from all upstream impacts (cradle to gate) for categories designated as capital goods under Kenvue's financial accounting (capital
equipment, construction, and facility services). Annual emissions are calculated using company spend in the report year paired with appropriate
economic input/out (IO) Supply Chain Greenhouse Gas Emissions Factors. Emissions associated with intercompany transactions between Kenvue
entities have been excluded. These emissions are already captured in the Scope 1 and 2 inventories of the supplying entities and/or in the upstream
Scope 3 emissions of the original procurement. This treatment aligns with the GHG Protocol’s principle of avoiding duplication across scopes and
entities within the same organizational boundary.
Scope 3; Category 3:
Fuel-and-energy related activities
Includes upstream emissions associated with the production of fuels, electricity, steam, chilled water, and district heat consumed by Kenvue. This
includes well-to-tank (WTT)—GHG emissions from the production, transportation, transformation, and distribution of the fuel used to power vehicles,
transmission and distribution (T&D)—GHG emissions associated with distributing electricity from a utility to the end user, and WTT and T&D loss—
upstream GHG emissions associated with the production, transportation, transformation, and distribution of the fuel used to power electricity that is
lost in the transmission and distribution process. Emissions were calculated using IEA loss factors for electricity and DEFRA WTT emission factors for
fuels and electricity.
Scope 3; Category 4:
Upstream transportation and distribution
Includes emissions from air, rail, road, and marine transportation, and storage of products produced in the reporting year. This can be between an
organization’s tier 1 suppliers and its own operations, or for all inbound or outbound logistics purchased by the reporting organization from a thirdparty. Reporting includes all inbound and outbound third-party logistics and warehousing paid for by Kenvue.
Scope 3; Category 5:
Waste generated in operations
Includes emissions from waste generated in Kenvue-owned facilities where Kenvue has operational control, used for manufacturing and/or research
and development. Emissions were calculated for both non-hazardous and hazardous waste using DEFRA's emissions factors for waste.
Scope 3; Category 6:
Business travel
Includes emissions from the transportation of employees for business-related activities, including air, rail, and automobile travel including well-towheel emissions (emissions produced throughout a fuel’s entire lifecycle, from its production to its use). Hotel stays are considered optional for
reporting to the SBTi and are not reported. Travel related emissions from reimbursements were excluded.
Scope 3; Category 7:
Employee commuting
Includes emissions from the transportation of employees from home to their office locations and back. For records without home or work locations, an
average regional commuting distance was applied.
Scope 3; Category 8:
Upstream leased assets
Includes emissions from upstream leased assets and was calculated for sites that do not meet the criteria of Kenvue's Scope 1 and 2 emissions: Kenvueowned facilities where Kenvue has operational control, regardless of building type; all leased facilities used for manufacturing and/or research and
development; and leased, non-manufacturing and/or non-research and development facilities where the facility is greater than 50,000 square feet.
89
Scope 3; Category 9:
Downstream transportation and distribution
Includes emissions from the transportation and distribution of sold products. This only includes emissions from after the point of sale when
transportation of the product is not paid for by Kenvue. In general, most of the outbound transportation from Kenvue's operations to customers is
paid for by Kenvue and reported in C4. Upon transfer of goods to Kenvue's customers, products are distributed/stored downstream from retailers’
warehouses to their retail locations and reported in C9 and was calculated using activity-based data using DEFRA’s well-to-wheel and IEA Global
Electric Power emissions factors.
Scope 3; Category 10:
Processing of sold products
Kenvue does not sell intermediate products that require downstream processing so this category is not relevant to our organization.
Scope 3; Category 11:
Use of sold products & Category 12:
End-of-life treatment of sold products
Includes direct emissions from the use of sold products and the end-of-life treatment of sold products was calculated using sales volumes for all
Kenvue products combined with life cycle assessment (LCA) models where sales volumes could be obtained; where they could not be obtained, sales
revenues and average unit prices were used to estimate volumes. Due to the size of our product portfolio, LCAs were not performed for every Kenvue
product, so products were placed into LCA categories, and a representative product LCA was applied.
Scope 3; Category 13:
Downstream leased assets
Kenvue does not have downstream leased assets, so this category is not relevant to our organization.
Scope 3; Category 14:
Franchises
Kenvue does not have franchises, so this category is not relevant to our organization.
Scope 3; Category 15: Investments
Includes emissions calculated using a spend-based model (US EPA EEIO) and Kenvue's percent equity in portfolio companies.
Diverted waste
Diverted waste is defined as recycled, reused, or used for waste-to-energy.
Hazardous waste
Hazardous waste is defined per applicable local laws or regulations. In the absence of a local regulatory definition, hazardous waste includes any
discarded chemical classified as hazardous under the Globally Harmonized System (GHS).
Non-hazardous waste
Waste that does not meet the criteria for hazardous waste, biological waste, or radioactive waste.
Waste generated
The methodology to calculate total waste across all facilities includes a combination of data from waste management documents (e.g. invoices,
manifests, reports) and facility subject matter expert estimations.
Zero manufacturing waste
Currently measured as waste to landfill/incineration without energy recovery.
Water consumption
Water consumption is calculated as the difference between water withdrawal and water discharged.
Water discharged
The methodology to calculate total water discharged across all facilities includes a combination of direct measurements and facility subject matter
expert estimations.
90
Water withdrawal
Water withdrawal refers to all water removed from a source for use at a Kenvue operating site, regardless of end use. Water withdrawal for soil
remediation or construction-related drainage is excluded from reporting. The methodology to calculate total water withdrawal across all facilities
includes a combination of direct measurements and facility subject matter expert estimations.
Book & Claim credits
Manufacturers and retailers can buy RSPO Credits and RSPO Independent Smallholder Credits from RSPO-certified growers, crushers, and
independent smallholders. By purchasing RSPO Credits, buyers encourage the production of Certified Sustainable Palm Oil. One RSPO Credit
represents one metric ton of RSPO certified sustainable palm oil product. https://rspo.org/as-an-organisation/rspo-credits/.
Identity Preserved
Identity preserved is from a single identifiable certified source that is kept separately from ordinary palm oil throughout the supply chain.
Mass Balance
Mass balance is from certified sources that are mixed with ordinary palm oil throughout the supply chain.
RSPO certified physical supply chains
Roundtable for Sustainable Palm Oil physical supply chain refers to palm oil supply that is sourced from certified plantations under the Mass Balance,
Segregated, or Identity Preserved certifications. More information on RSPO-certified supply chains can be found here: https://rspo.org/as-anorganisation/certification/supply-chains/.
Segregated
Segregated is from different certified sources that is kept separate from ordinary palm oil throughout the supply chain.
Certified paper and wood fiber packaging
Certification schemes accepted by Kenvue include Forest Stewardship Council (FSC®) or Programme of the Endorsement of Forest Certification
(PEFC) chain of custody standards, only when FSC® is not available.
FSC® certified paper and wood fiber
Paper and wood fiber certified by the FSC® supporting responsible forestry.
Low-risk sources
Low-risk source is defined as material that is either:
1. FSC® or PEFC certified,
2. Post-consumer recycled content,
3. Traced back to country of harvest and assigned a low-risk categorization at country level using Preferred by Nature’s Timber Sourcing Hub, or
4. Demonstrates other approved methods of verifying low risk.
PEFC certified paper and wood fiber
Paper and wood fiber certified by the PEFC, including the Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI), supporting sustainably managed forests.
Verified recycled paper and
wood fiber packaging
Recycled includes both post-consumer and post-industrial recycled content; Volumes include recycled material certified by a certification scheme
(such as FSC® or PEFC) as well as non-certified materials for which evidence checks were performed.
91
Recyclability at scale
Recyclability at scale percentage was assessed using our independent recyclability guidelines that align to Ellen MacArthur Foundation recycling rate
guidelines and Consumer Goods Forum Golden Design Rules guidelines. For some externally manufactured products, data assumptions were made on
recyclability at brand level.
Recycled materials
Recyclable, also defined as recycle-ready, is when packaging is designed for collection, sorting, and recycling using end-of-life processes, but where
recyclability" guidance for plastic-based packaging include the Association of Plastics Recyclers in the United States. Note: "Designed for recycling,"
"designed for recyclability," and "recycle-ready" are also used interchangeably and reflect the same meaning. For some externally manufactured
products, data assumptions were made on recyclability at brand level.
Refillable packaging
Kenvue defines refillable or reusable packaging as packaging that is designed for either the business or the consumer to put the same type of
purchased product back into the original packaging, is designed to be returnable and/or refillable, and accomplishes a minimum number of reuses by
being part of a system that enables reuse.
Virgin plastics
Virgin plastic means newly manufactured resin produced from petrochemical feedstock used as the raw material for the manufacture of plastic
products and which has never been used or processed before.
Environmental non-compliance fines
Fines paid for environmental non-compliances include those paid in the reporting year.
Environmental non-compliance instances
Environmental non-compliances represent non-compliances with environmental regulatory requirements or laws that were either:
1. Self-reported to authorities in the reporting year or
2.	Identified by authorities and the non-compliance occurred in the reporting year. The authorities include regional, national, state/country/
province and local/city regulatory agencies.
ISO 14001
ISO 14001 is an international standard for environmental management systems (EMS). It specifies the requirements for establishing, implementing,
maintaining, and continually improving an EMS, helping organizations manage their environmental responsibilities in a systematic and effective way.
https://www.iso.org/standard/14001
ISO 45001
ISO 45001 is an international standard that specifies requirements for an occupational health and safety (OH&S) management system. It provides a
framework for organizations to manage risks and improve OH&S performance. https://www.iso.org/standard/63787.html
ISO 9001
ISO 9001 is an international standard that gives requirements for an organization’s quality management systems.
Product categories include: Oral Care; Baby Care; and Other Essential Health (Women’s Health, Wound Care, and Other). Major brands in the
segment include BAND-AID® Brand, Carefree®, Desitin®, Johnson’s®, Listerine®, o.b.® tampons, and Stayfree®.
92
Product categories include: Cough, Cold, and Allergy; Pain Care; and Other Self Care (Digestive Health, Smoking Cessation, Eye Care, and Other).
Major brands in the segment include Benadryl®, Calpol®, Motrin®, Nicorette®, Rhinocort®, Tylenol®, Zarbee’s®, and Zyrtec®.
Product categories include: Face and Body Care; and Hair, Sun, and Other. Major brands in the segment include Aveeno®, Dr.Ci:Labo®, Le Petit
Marseillais®, Lubriderm®, Neutrogena®, OGX®, and Rogaine®.
sustainability.
Improved environmental performance
Improved environmental performance is defined as improvement in one or more of the four pillars, with no regression compared to the baseline
product, measured using Kenvue’s Sustainable Innovation Profiler (SIP).
New product development
New product development includes improvement of existing product or new products in each calendar year.
Scientific principles
Scientific principles are defined across four pillars — carbon footprint, green chemistry, sustainable packaging and product environmental footprint.
93
www.kenvue.com
sustainability@kenvue.com