Home / Company
CULTURE & COMMUNITY
Strengthening communities through action and accountability
IMPACT BEYOND MISSION
We transform complexity into outcomes that matter—not only for our customers, but
for the communities where we live and work. As a team delivering digital and
mission innovations to our customers, we apply the same discipline to how we
operate responsibly. This page details our culture and community commitments—
and the measurable progress behind them.
EMPLOYEES ENGAGED IN THEIR COMMUNITIES
Leidos employees invest their time, talent, and resources to create impact that
lasts for generations
VIEW COMMUNITY ACTIVATIONS
website functionality, to provide social media features, and to analyze traffic
to Leidos-operated websites. We may also share information about your use
of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners. To learn
preferences
People
Mission for the Mind
Small Business
website functionality, to provide social media features, and to analyze traffic
to Leidos-operated websites. We may also share information about your use
of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners. To learn
People
Our development and training programs are creating a strong workforce
focused on solving the world's most daunting challenges.
EXPLORE OUR PEOPLE AND CULTURE
Employee volunteerism
14,000 HOURS
and $12.5M in company charitable giving
Trust Center
Governance
Political Activities
website functionality, to provide social media features, and to analyze traffic
to Leidos-operated websites. We may also share information about your use
of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners. To learn
Environmental
Trust Center
Leidos is known for maintaining the highest standards of integrity and ethical
behavior, and this extends fully to how we manage data privacy and
cybersecurity. We apply industry-leading data privacy and cybersecurity
standards in our day-to-day business.
LEARN MORE ABOUT OUR TRUST CENTER
About our Reporting
The Leidos GHG emissions inventory is prepared in accordance with the
Greenhouse Gas Protocol, independently verified by a third party, and reported
Leidos (or “We”)
personalize
content and ads, toframework
enhance
through
CDP,use
which
wetouse
as a benchmarking
for performance and
website functionality,
to provide
social
media
features, and to
analyze
traffic
transparency.
Through
our
CDP
disclosures,
we
align
with the recommendations of
to Leidos-operated websites. We may also share information about your use
the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), supporting
of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners. To learn
consistent,
decision-useful,
and comparable climate-related reporting for
more, please review
stakeholders worldwide.
Our Annual Reports and Proxy Statements also provide information on the Board’s
oversight of Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) matters, including
climate-related risks and other key risk factors.
In addition, Leidos U.K. publishes an annual Sustainability Report outlining the
organization’s strategy and targets to achieve net zero emissions by 2040.
Additional Reporting Resources
Code of Conduct
Responsible Purchasing Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
Leidos UK Sustainability Statement
Leidos UK Annual Sustainability
Report
Global Headquarters LEED® Gold
Certificate
Leidos CDP Climate Change Questionnaire and Scoring Reports
2025 CDP Climate Change Score
2025 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire
2024 CDP Climate Change Score
2024 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire
2023 CDP Climate Change Score
2023 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire
2022 CDP Climate Change Score
2022 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire
2022 CDP Climate Change Supplier Assessment Score
website
to provide
social media
features, and to analyze traffic
2021functionality,
CDP Climate
Change
Score
to Leidos-operated websites. We may also share information about your use
of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners. To learn
Leidos Greenhouse Gas Verification Statements
Verification Statement Leidos 2024 GHG Inventory
Verification Statement Leidos 2023 GHG Inventory
Verification Statement Leidos 2022 GHG Inventory
website functionality, to provide social media features, and to analyze traffic
Verification Statement Leidos 2019-21 GHG Inventory
to Leidos-operated websites. We may also share information about your use
of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners. To learn
Verification Statement Leidos (formerly SAIC) – 2019 GHG Inventory Emissions
Leidos EEO-1 Disclosure Reports
2024
2023
2022
2021
2020
CONFLICT MINERALS POLICY AND
REPORTING
Leidos fully supports the goals and objectives of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 which aim to prevent the use of
certain "conflict minerals" that directly or indirectly finance or benefit armed
groups in the Democratic Republic of the Congo or adjoining countries.
Conflict Minerals Report
Conflict Minerals Policy
Forward-Looking Statements
The disclosures included in this report are being provided to the public in an effort
to provide transparency into our environmental, social, and governance (ESG)
initiatives and do not cover all information about our business. Inclusion of
information in this report is not an indication that the subject or information is
material
to Leidos business or operating results for purposes of U.S. securities laws
and
regulations.
Our
approaches
the disclosures
included in this report are
website
functionality, to
provide
social media to
features,
and to analyze traffic
to Leidos-operated
websites.
We may also
information
about your use
different
from those
included
in share
mandatory
regulatory
reporting, including under
of our site with
our Exchange
social media, advertising,
and analytics
To learn Statements other than
Securities
and
Commission
(SEC)partners.
regulations.
statements
of historical or current facts, including statements and images about our
ESG targets, goals, aspirations, commitments and programs, and other business
plans, initiatives, and objectives are forward-looking statements and are based on
Leidos management’s current assumptions and expectations. These statements are
typically accompanied by the words “aim,” “ambition,” “anticipate,” “aspire,”
“believe,” “can,” “commit,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “goal,” “hope,” “intend,”
“may,” “on track,” “plan,” “predict,” “project,” “strive,” “target,” “will,” “would,” or other
similar words. All such statements are intended to enjoy the protection of the safe
harbor for forwardlooking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
These statements speak only as of the date they are originally made and are based
on management’s current expectations and are subject to known and unknown risks,
uncertainties, changes in circumstances, and assumptions that are difficult to predict
and are often beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future
results, occurrences, or performance. Actual results and outcomes may differ
materially from those expressed in or implied by any of these forward-looking
statements due to a variety of factors, including global socio-demographic and
economic trends, climate-related conditions and weather events, legislative and
regulatory changes, and other unforeseen events or conditions. You should not
place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. Factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements
can be found in this report, in our filings that we make with the SEC from time to
time, and in disclosures available on our corporate website. We urge you to consider
all of the risks, uncertainties, and factors identified above or discussed in this report
carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements therein. Leidos cannot assure
you that the results reflected or implied by any forward-looking statement will be
realized or, even if substantially realized, that those results will have the forecasted or
expected consequences and effects.
Standards of measurement and performance made in reference to the goals,
aspirations, and objectives referred to in this report and our various ESG disclosures
are developing and based on protocols, processes, and assumptions that continue
to evolve and are subject to change in the future, and no assurances can be given
that any plan, initiative, projection, goal, commitment, expectation, or prospect set
forth in this report or our ESG disclosures can or will be achieved. We do not
undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of
circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statements
were
made. Materiality, as used in this report, is different from the definition used in
website functionality, to provide social media features, and to analyze traffic
the
context of filings with the SEC. Issues deemed material for purposes of this
to Leidos-operated websites. We may also share information about your use
report
determining
ourpartners.
ESG strategies
may not be considered
of our site
withfor
ourpurposes
social media, of
advertising,
and analytics
To learn
more, please
material
forreview
SECour
reporting
purposes.
Want to know more?
Contact us about product information and pricing, customer feedback,
stockholder services, or just to voice a concern.
GET STARTED
Products Customers Suppliers Global Employees Accessibility



website functionality, to provide social media features, and to analyze traffic
to Leidos-operated websites. We may also share information about your use
of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners. To learn
