About Us
Corporate Responsibility
Our sustainability vision
We believe that transparency, integrity, and a commitment to sustainable growth and innovation are
essential to building trust and resilience across our business. Through our Corporate Responsibility strategy,
we aim to support sustainable value for our shareholders, clients, employees and communities.
Our approach
Our research demonstrates that sound sustainability practices can better position companies for the future.1
As a leading provider of sustainability data and analytics, including climate transparency and risk mitigation
tools, we help capital markets participants navigate risks and identify opportunities, and we strive to
demonstrate
leading Corporate
Responsibility
practices
For
more information,
please review
Notice in our own business, as reflected in our materiality
assessment.
Accept
Transparency and reporting
We regularly report on our sustainability efforts and progress. Visit our Sustainability Reporting and Policies
Hub for current and historical reports, disclosures and policies, as well as our Investor Relations webpages,
which include corporate governance disclosures, for more information.
Henry A. Fernandez
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
“At MSCI, Corporate Responsibility is a critical foundation of
everything we do. We aspire to demonstrate leading standards
in how we manage our company and support our clients. With
that in mind, MSCI has embedded responsible and sustainable
practices in our operations, and we have seen how they
strengthen our firm. Attracting the best talent, practicing sound
corporate governance and focusing on reducing emissions help
us build a more innovative, competitive, and resilient business.”
A closer look at our approach to Corporate
Responsibility
In addition to providing sustainability and climate solutions to our clients, we aim
to demonstrate strong Corporate Responsibility practices and policies that are meaningful to
our various stakeholders and build long-term shareholder value.
Our approach to Corporate Responsibility is reflected in three strategic pillars:
Leadership and Governance
Implement policies and practices that reflect MSCI’s commitment to ethical leadership, strong
governance and values, and culture of transparency, accountability and integrity, enabling high
performance, responsible innovation, and sustainable business growth.
Learn more
Strategy and Execution
Implement responsible business practices essential for building long term stakeholder value,
supported by high quality and decision-useful sustainability reporting. Leverage MSCI’s
sustainability and climate risk expertise to inform decision-making, strengthen our business
resilience and enhance our policies and disclosures.
Learn more
Stewardship
Implement sustainability practices within our operations and value chain to build resilience and
protect value now and in the future. This includes managing our carbon emissions and climate and
nature risks and opportunities, prioritizing talent development and employee wellbeing, and
cultivating an inclusive and engaged workforce.
Tia Counts
Chief Responsibility Officer
“Our approach to Corporate Responsibility is grounded in
transparency and action. That means building an inclusive
culture, embedding responsibility into how we operate and
delivering measurable progress toward our sustainability goals.
By leading through our own actions, we strengthen our culture
and set a clear example for how long-term value is created.”
Related to Corporate Responsibility
Corporate
governance
For more
information,
Our leadership
Information security
Investor relations
Careers and talent
Discover opportunities
Inclusion and belonging
Explore
Featured Solutions
For
more
Data
& Analytics
Indexes
Research & Insights
Discover MSCI
Legal & Regulatory