2025
Sustainability Report
and TCFD Report
FUTURE FORWARD
D R I V I N G L O N G -T E R M VA L U E
Nasdaq 2025
Sustainability Report
Introduction
Governance
Environmental
Workforce
Community Engagement
Solutions & Services
TCFD Report
Data Tables
Appendix
Table of Contents
A Letter from Nasdaq’s Chair & CEO. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  3
About Nasdaq. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  4
Q&A with Nasdaq’s CFO . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  6
Our Approach to Sustainability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  7
Corporate Sustainability Strategy and Oversight. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 7
Priority Sustainability Topics and Stakeholder Engagement. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 8
Our Sustainability Reporting. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 9
Our Sustainability-Related Ratings . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 10
Memberships and Recognitions. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 10
Upholding Robust Governance for a
Resilient Future. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 11
Partnering with Clients to Drive Value. .  .  .  .  .  .  . 40
How We Partnered with Clients to Help Them
Ethics and Compliance. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12
Achieve Their Sustainability Objectives in 2025. . . . . . . . . . .  41
Information Security and Data Privacy. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  14
How We Partnered with Clients to Enable
Responsible AI Practices. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
Positive Outcomes in 2025. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44
Public Policy Advocacy. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  16
Tax Transparency. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  16
Risk Management. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  16
Strengthening Environmental Resilience
for the Long Term . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 18
Decarbonization and Climate Strategy. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
2025 Task Force on Climate-Related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Report. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 47
Data Tables. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 68
Appendix. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 80
Reducing and Neutralizing Our GHG Emissions. . . . . . . . . . . . .  22
Our Support of the United Nations Sustainable
Aligning Corporate Strategies to Support
Development Goals . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 81
Reaching Net Zero. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  26
Additional Resources. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 82
Evaluating and Engaging Our Supply Chain. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  28
Priority Sustainability Topics Glossary. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 82
Natural Resource Management. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  29
Indexes. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 82
Empowering Our People,
Powering Our Future. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 30
Assurance Statements . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 82
Culture at Nasdaq . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
Empowering Workforce Success. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
Engaging with Our Communities. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 38
Nasdaq Purpose. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38
Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
On the cover and at left: Nasdaq hosts Take Our Children to Work Day
in the New York office.
2
Nasdaq 2025
Introduction
Governance
Environmental
Workforce
Community Engagement
Solutions & Services
TCFD Report
Data Tables
Appendix
A

Letter from
Nasdaqʼs Chair & CEO
As a leading technology platform powering
the world’s economies, Nasdaq’s focus is on
serving as the trusted fabric of the financial
system. That means we are Future Forward
– architecting the world’s modern markets,
powering the innovation economy, and
building trust in the financial system. This past
year reinforced our conviction that innovation
is not about reacting to disruption, but about
system can depend on over time.
Creating a Platform that Powers
the Financial System
Across the financial ecosystem, rising
complexity has become a defining challenge
for our clients. By strengthening market
systems and the technologies that support
them, we help institutions operate with
greater confidence, resilience, and efficiency,
reinforcing the conditions that underpin
healthy and inclusive markets. We are a critical
part of the foundation of the financial system
and are committed to protecting its integrity.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) is amplifying the
value of those foundations by supporting our
ability to help clients manage risk, automate
complex processes, and make better
decisions in real time. As complexity rises, the
demand for mission-critical solutions grows –
and that is exactly where we are focused. We
are well-positioned for growth in the AI era.
GRI 2-22
At the same time, we continue to advance
market modernization through a broad set
of innovations shaping the future of global
markets. This includes the evolution toward
always‑on trading models, the expansion
of asset classes, greater cross‑border
connectivity, and the continued migration of
market infrastructure to the cloud. Together
with AI, these capabilities are enabling markets
that are more accessible, more resilient, and
better aligned with the global economy they
serve. Nasdaq is helping shape this next
chapter by modernizing the financial system in
ways that support growth and confidence for
years to come.
Advancing a Sustainable and Resilient
Global Economy
Sustainability is embedded in the work
we do. We support direct investment in
innovation, improve transparency through
better disclosure, and scale the infrastructure
that makes climate solutions viable on a
global scale.
In 2025, through our sustainability solutions
– spanning advisory services, analytics,
indexes, and reporting tools – we helped
companies and investors navigate evolving
requirements with clarity and confidence.
In carbon markets and carbon removal
technology, we built infrastructure that is
trusted, transparent, and designed for longterm scalability – the same principles that
underpin every market we operate.
We continued our sustainability commitments
by procuring 100% renewable electricity for
our global office and data center portfolios
in 2025. We advanced our climate strategy
by reducing our environmental footprint,
strengthening our governance foundation, and
continuing to support clients as they strive to
achieve their decarbonization goals. As we
continue working toward Nasdaq’s carbon
abatement and net‑zero targets, we are proud
to have achieved carbon neutrality for the
seventh year, a milestone that reflects where
we’re headed as an organization.
Empowering People and Communities for
Long-Term Value
Our people are fundamental to Nasdaq’s
success and to the role we play at the center
of the global financial system. Their expertise,
judgment, and commitment drive our ability to
operate resilient markets, serve clients through
complexity, and innovate responsibly. We
remain focused on fostering a culture where
people feel a sense of belonging, are supported
in their development, and are equipped with
the skills needed to lead in a rapidly evolving
technological and market environment.
Investing in our workforce goes beyond
attracting top talent – it requires continuous
support and development. We are focused
on building the capabilities our business
and our clients will need in the years ahead,
from technology and data expertise to
leadership, risk management, and regulatory
understanding. By empowering our teams
to grow alongside the markets we serve, we
strengthen our ability to deliver durable, longterm value.
Beyond our organization, we recognize
that healthy markets depend on healthy
communities. Through our purpose-driven
initiatives, we are working to expand access
to financial opportunity, support economic
mobility, and contribute to more resilient
local economies around the world. Whether
through education, workforce development,
or partnerships that broaden participation in
the financial system, we aim to ensure that the
benefits of progress extend beyond Nasdaq
and into the communities that markets are
meant to serve.
Looking to the Future
As we look ahead, our commitment remains
clear: to advance sustainable growth, deliver
transparent, measurable impact, and create
long-term value that endures beyond the
next cycle. The choices we make today – the
technologies we modernize, the infrastructure
we strengthen, the talent we cultivate – are
investments in a future that is more secure and
connected for all our stakeholders.
Adena Friedman
Chair & CEO,
Nasdaq
3
About Nasdaq
Nasdaq (Nasdaq: NDAQ) is a leading technology platform
that powers the world’s economies. We architect the
infrastructure of the world’s most modern markets,
power the innovation economy, and build trust in the
financial system. We empower economic opportunity by
intelligence solutions that enable our clients to capture
opportunities, navigate risk, and strengthen resilience.
Pillars of Nasdaq’s
Growth Strategy
Our strategic direction aims to focus resources
on high-growth opportunities, leveraging our
technology, data, analytics, and expertise to
meet evolving client needs and drive sustainable
growth across our main pillars:
Our Purpose
Our Vision
Our Value Proposition
We empower economic
opportunity.
We are the trusted fabric
of the world’s financial
system.
We deliver world-leading platforms
that advance the liquidity,
transparency, and integrity of the
global economy.
Expand
Drive growth from our existing solutions
to new clients and geographies.
Evolve
$5.2B
Implement innovative technology,
partnerships, and delivery models.
Net Revenues
in 2025
Transform
Develop new solutions that evolve
capabilities beyond our existing
portfolio.
“Net Revenues” are defined as revenues less transaction-based expenses
We manage, operate, and provide our products and services
in three business segments:
Capital Access
Platforms
Financial
Technology
Market
Services
Headcount as of December 31*
9,525
2025
9,162
2024
8,525
37
Nasdaq has
located in
37 countries
around the world
9
~90% of our total employee
population is located in nine
countries: the U.S., Canada,
Sweden, Lithuania, India, the
Philippines, Australia, the
United Kingdom, and Mexico
2023
*Including employees of non-wholly owned consolidated subsidiaries
GRI 2-1, GRI 2-7
WEF Core 1
4
During 2025, Nasdaq continued its shift from traditional
on-premises deployments to cloud infrastructure. We
believe that migrating our exchanges and non-exchange
workloads to the cloud, through our partnership with
AWS, will result in improved performance and increased
flexibility for our customers. We expect to move additional
markets to the cloud with AWS over the next several
years. The shift to cloud-based markets enables Nasdaq
to provide our clients access to enhanced capabilities,
including virtual connectivity services, market analytics,
machine learning, and AI-driven insights.
For more information on how we leverage Innovation
and Technology, please see our 2025 Form 10-K on our
Investor Relations webpage. For information on how we
are managing the environmental impact of AI see page
22. For more information on our governance around AI
see page 15.
2025 AI Highlights
Innovation and Technology
Nasdaq’s position as a leading technology platform,
powering the world’s economies, is rooted in a long
history of technology innovation, from our first electronic
exchange in 1971 to our migration of exchanges to the
cloud. We leverage advanced technologies including
AI and machine learning (ML) to drive better outcomes
for clients and enhance global market resiliency,
performance, scalability, and liquidity. Artificial
intelligence is defining the next era of technology, with
AI‑investing organizations realizing nearly three times
the return on investment of their peers—reinforcing the
importance of Nasdaq’s continued focus on AI‑enabled,
cloud‑ready capabilities.
“Today, Nasdaq is the trusted
fabric of the world’s financial
system. We architect the
world’s most modern markets,
we power the innovation
economy, and we build trust
in the financial system.”
– Adena Friedman,
Chair & CEO, Nasdaq
AI On the Business
AI In the Product
 stablished a dedicated AI Integration
E
Team to streamline implementation and
accelerate adoption across business
functions
 nhanced Nasdaq Verafin with automation
E
and agentic AI for evolving regulations and
operational compliance efficiency
 pskilled employees with AI tools to
U
improve decision making, productivity,
and execution quality
Implemented internal Model Context
Protocol (MCP) tools, agent-driven
workflows, and deep research
 nhanced internal GenAI Platform and
launched employee‑led AI‑powered agent
initiatives
 osted NASDHACK’25 where participant
H
employees leveraged Nasdaq’s GenAI
Platform to build AI agents for high-code
and no-code hackathon projects
 ounded the “AI Champions” community
F
to support the implementation of AI tools
and best practices across the organization
 aunched an AI-based waste
L
management pilot in our New York office

 mbedded advanced AI in AxiomSL,
including generative assistants and ML
analytics, to boost productivity, predictive
insight, and regulatory agility
Integrated AI features into our Calypso
solution to meet the operational and
analytical needs of today’s financial
institutions
 dvanced AI, machine learning, and market
A
data in our market surveillance business to
detect market abuse, streamline
investigations, and improve efficiency while
reducing false positives
 nhanced our Eqlipse platform with AI,
delivering a cloud native, end-to-end trade
lifecycle foundation for advanced analytics
and automation
 volved our AI-powered platform, Nasdaq
Lens®, to enhance research, benchmarking,
and disclosure drafting to help organizations
stay aligned, compliant, and efficient
 elivered AI‑powered workflows in Nasdaq
D
Boardvantage, saving time for directors and
governance teams
5
Sarah Youngwood is Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer at Nasdaq. She serves as
Co-Chair of Nasdaq’s Corporate Sustainability
Steering Committee, overseeing the work of the
Corporate Sustainability Strategy and Reporting
Team and the development of the Company’s
corporate sustainability strategy. In the following
Q&A, Ms. Youngwood reflects on Nasdaq’s focus
on driving long-term value.
How does Nasdaq’s sustainability approach
support long‑term value creation?
Q
 &A with Nasdaq’s
CFO and Corporate
Sustainability Steering
Committee Co-Chair
Our sustainability approach is closely tied to
how we think about long‑term value across the
Company. Being “Future Forward” means aligning
our work with the forces shaping the global
financial system and reinforcing its transparency
and resilience.
A core part of that work starts with our people.
Attracting and retaining top talent remains
essential to our long‑term success. In 2025, we
grew our talent community to build a stronger
pipeline for the future and created new training
programs to further develop our workforce.
We also reinforce long‑term operational resilience
by actively managing climate‑related risks.
Our climate strategy focuses on reducing our
environmental footprint, improving energy
efficiency, lowering our greenhouse gas emissions,
maintaining carbon neutrality, and progressing
against our net‑zero goals.
Finally, responsible innovation is a key element of
our sustainability approach. All employees have
the option to receive training on the ethical use of
AI through role‑based learning, workshops, and
enablement programs. We are building the skills
and governance needed to help ensure emerging
technologies are used responsibly and effectively.
How is Nasdaq approaching responsible
AI innovation as part of its broader
sustainability strategy?
Responsible innovation has always been part of
how we think about technology at Nasdaq, and
AI is no different. As we embed AI across our
products and operations, we’re being deliberate
about governance, capability-building, and
environmental impact.
From a governance standpoint, we’ve established
a dedicated AI Integration Team and expect all
employees receive role-based training on ethical AI
use. This creates shared accountability and helps
us deploy AI in ways that align with our values and
risk framework.
related environmental impacts including procuring
100% renewable electricity across our operations,
encouraging employees to select the appropriate
size AI model for their tasks, and engaging
our technology and cloud suppliers on energy
efficiency and responsible water use.
How do you think about resilience in a world
that feels increasingly complex—and what
role does sustainability play?
Resilience today isn’t about adding more
layers of process—it’s about staying clear on
principles and using modern tools to reduce
complexity, not compound it. Sustainability
supports that in very practical ways: it pushes
us to strengthen transparency and disclosure,
direct capital toward innovation that can scale
responsibly, and continue shaping the future of
market infrastructure so it can adapt as risks and
requirements evolve. At Nasdaq, we view that as a
core part of long-term value—helping clients and
markets operate with more trust, durability, and
confidence through change.
On the operational side, we’re upskilling employees
with AI tools to improve productivity and decisionmaking while maintaining quality and oversight.
We’ve also launched employee-led initiatives
like our AI Champions community, which helps
AI adoption happen thoughtfully across the
organization. As AI adoption expands, Nasdaq
is focused on understanding and managing AI-
6
O
 ur Approach to Sustainability – Deliver
Long-Term Value to Stakeholders
“Our approach to sustainability is focused on creating lasting value and is grounded in
Nasdaq’s purpose to empower economic opportunity. We see sustainability not as a
separate function, but as integral to our role as a trusted partner to our clients and a
foundational part of the financial system. By focusing on the issues that matter most
to our stakeholders, we are strengthening resilience, transparency, and long‑term
sustainability for our Company, our clients, and the communities we serve.”
Sustainability Oversight
Nominating &
Governance Committee
of the Nasdaq Board of
Directors
Audit & Risk Committee
of the Nasdaq Board of
Directors
– Nina Eisenman
Vice President, Head of Corporate Sustainability Strategy and Reporting, Nasdaq
Corporate Sustainability Steering Committee &
Corporate Sustainability Disclosure Subcommittee
Corporate Sustainability Strategy
Sustainability Oversight
Our sustainability strategy is an extension of our core purpose,
designed to deliver long-term value to our clients, colleagues, and
communities. It informs how we partner with our stakeholders to
power a more resilient and inclusive global economy. We focus on
the sustainability topics that are the most relevant to our business
and stakeholders—from advancing climate and technology solutions
to championing transparent governance and empowering our
workforce. By integrating these priorities across our operations, we
fulfill our mission to be the trusted fabric of the financial system and
empower economic opportunity.
The Nominating & Governance Committee of Nasdaq’s Board
oversees sustainability policies and receives regular sustainabilityrelated updates. The Board Audit & Risk Committee addresses
company-wide and sustainability-related risks. The Corporate
Sustainability Steering Committee, a cross-functional group
of Nasdaq senior executives co-chaired by the Chief Financial
Officer (CFO) and the Chief Marketing Officer (CMO), oversees
sustainability strategy and reports to the Board. The Corporate
Sustainability Disclosure Subcommittee oversees our public
sustainability disclosures. The Corporate Sustainability Strategy
and Reporting team, ultimately reporting to the CFO, develops and
executes Nasdaq’s sustainability strategy, prepares disclosures, and
collaborates with subject matter experts across Nasdaq to deliver
accurate data and timely reporting.
Corporate Sustainability Strategy
and Reporting Team
Nasdaq Business Units and Expert Functions
Including: Finance, Corporate Governance, Marketing, Procurement,
Real Estate and Facilities, People Management, Investor Relations,
Group Risk, IT, Office of General Counsel, and Global Communications
GRI 2-9, GRI 2-12, GRI 2-13, GRI 2-22
WEF Core 2
7
Priority Sustainability Topics
Climate, Environment,
and Energy
Corporate Governance,
Transparency, and Reporting
Corruption, Bribery,
and Anti-Financial Crime
Customer Relationship
Management
Data Privacy
and Cybersecurity
Human Capital
Management and Culture
Innovation and
Technology
Labor Practices
and Human Rights
Support for Small- and
Medium-Sized Enterprises
Sustainability-Related
Products and Services
See glossary on page 82 for topic definitions.
GRI 2-29, GRI 3-1, GRI 3-2
WEF Core 3, WEF Core 4
Stakeholder Engagement
We refine our long-term sustainability strategy periodically by evaluating
Nasdaq’s sustainability-related risks and opportunities as well as our
environmental and societal impact. To help ensure our strategy addresses
relevant topics, we engage with internal and external stakeholders at all
levels. In 2025, we collaborated with an external consultant to review
and refine our priority sustainability topics, using insights from leading
sustainability reporting frameworks, peer benchmarking, stakeholder
feedback, and expert assessments to prioritize these topics. This multidimensional approach enabled us to validate and rank each issue, resulting
in a list of 12 priority sustainability topics. These topics serve as a guide
for our sustainability strategy, governance, and reporting efforts.
Business Ethics
and Integrity
Nasdaq views accountability to our stakeholders as both a mark of good governance and a critical component of our operational success.
We manage our business with the goal of delivering sustainable, long-term value to shareholders, clients, employees, and other stakeholders.
Below are examples of how we engaged with stakeholders in 2025 across a variety of sustainability-related topics.
Clients and Customers (including market participants)
Suppliers
• Convened our third NY Climate Week Forum
• Suppliers attested to Nasdaq’s Supplier Code of Ethics, confirming
they have policies and practices consistent with ours and to the extent
they do not, will adhere to the applicable standards in our Supplier
Code of Ethics
• Engaged with clients one-on-one and responded to sustainabilityfocused client questionnaires
For more information on our engagement with clients and customers,
see the Solutions & Services section of this report
Communities and Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs)
• Supported community organizations through the Nasdaq Foundation’s
2025 Economic Opportunity Grant Program
• Provided ongoing sustainability education for entrepreneurs through
Nasdaq’s Entrepreneurial Center
• Supported over 800 charities worldwide through our Purpose@Work
Corporate Responsibility Program
For more information on our community outreach, employee volunteering
and giving, and resources for entrepreneurs and investors, see the
Community Engagement section of this report
• Requested top suppliers by spend to respond to the CDP Climate
Change Questionnaire, leading to Nasdaq’s inclusion on CDP Supplier
Engagement Rating Leaderboard and A List
• Conducted one-on-one meetings with suppliers to support alignment
on emission reduction goals
For more information on how we engage with suppliers see the
Environmental and Governance Supplier sections of this report
Government and Regulators
For more information on how we engage with governments and regulators
see Public Policy Advocacy on page 16
Shareholders
Employees and Leadership
• Hosted our 2025 Month of Impact in April, our 4th annual “Purpose
Week” and 2nd annual Purpose Forum with educational workshops on
community engagement and financial literacy for employees
• Held sustainability-related education sessions during employee town halls
• Conducted 20+ governance- and sustainability-focused investor
engagement meetings
For more information on our engagement with shareholders, see Nasdaq’s
2026 Proxy Statement on our Investor Relations webpage
• Employee Resource Groups hosted a range of activities, such as
volunteering for environmental causes, inclusion- and belongingfocused events, cultural celebrations, and learning opportunities
For more information on our people and culture see the Workforce
section of this report
8
Our Sustainability Reporting
Accurate and transparent disclosure is a cornerstone of Nasdaq’s strategy for all reporting. This
Sustainability Report covers topics related to our corporate sustainability initiatives, and our
sustainability-related and other commercial activities. The 12 priority sustainability topics described
on page 8 help guide our sustainability strategy and our approach to sustainability-related
governance and reporting.
This report includes our Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Report and
nature-related risk assessment aligned with Taskforce on Nature-Related Financial Disclosure (TNFD)
recommendations. Throughout the report, we indicate alignment with our priority sustainability topics,
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), World Economic
Forum (WEF) Indexes, and the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Nasdaq is preparing to
comply with U.S. and global sustainability-related disclosure regulations, as applicable. The data
included in this Sustainability Report is as of December 31, 2025, and was gathered and validated from
stakeholders across the organization. Where data was based on estimation or assumption, additional
disclosure is provided as to conclusions reached. We engage an independent, CDP Gold 2025
Accredited verifier to review and provide limited assurance for select environmental and workforce
data disclosed in this Sustainability Report and TCFD Report. See our Assurance Statements on our
Corporate Sustainability Resource Center for more information.
Explore our 2025 sustainability reports, indexes,
and other public disclosures on our
Corporate Sustainability Resource Center
GRI Index
SASB Index
WEF Index
2025 Climate
Transition Plan
TNFD-Aligned
Risk Assessment
CDP Climate Change Questionnaire
United Nations Global Compact Communication
on Progress (UNGC CoP)
2026 Proxy Statement
(pdf)
2026
2025 Form 10-K
(pdf)
The Proxy Statement and Form 10-K are not incorporated by reference into this
Sustainability Report.
See additional resources on our 2025 Sustainability Report
Summary Microsite and Investor Relations webpage
For Nasdaq 2024
“At Nasdaq, we apply rigorous controls and data governance to our
sustainability reporting, reinforcing accuracy, auditability, and the
same integrity standards that underpin our financial reporting.”
– Michelle Daly,
SVP, Controller and Principal Accounting Officer, Nasdaq
GRI 2-1, GRI 2-3
9
AA
ISS QualityScore
S&P Global Corporate Sustainability
Assessment (CSA)
Highest scoring range for Corporate Governance,
Environment: 1, Social: 1,
Governance: 2
placing us in the Leader category and indicating
Our QualityScores indicate a high level of
that our corporate governance practices
environmental and social disclosure, and a low
are well aligned with shareholder interests
governance risk
Score range AAA-CCC
Score range 1-10, 1=lowest risk
tenth consecutive year
CDP Climate Change
CDP Supplier Engagement
Assessment
EcoVadis
2025 A List – Score is based on the
comprehensiveness of disclosure, awareness
2025 A List – Recognized for our efforts to measure
and management of environmental risks, and
and reduce climate risk within our supply chain
demonstration of environmental leadership
Score range A-D
61, 94th percentile
Included in the Dow Jones Best-in-Class World
Index for the second consecutive year and the Dow
Score range 1-100, 100=best
75 (Silver), 91st percentile
Awarded a Silver Medal as recognition
for the top 15% of organizations for
sustainability performance
Score range 1-100, 100=best
Sustainalytics
Low risk of experiencing significant financial
impacts from sustainability factors
Score range 0-10 (negligible risk); 10-20 (low risk);
20-30 (medium risk); 30-40 (high risk);
40+ (severe risk)
Barron’s 2025 100 Most Sustainable U.S. Companies
Forbes 2026 Net-Zero Leaders
Jones Best-in-Class North America Index for the
Score range A-D
14.9*
Recognitions
Our Sustainability Ratings
MSCI
Note: Ratings are as of April 30, 2026. The use by Nasdaq of any MSCI ESG Research LLC or its affiliates (“MSCI”) data and the use of the MSCI
logos, trademarks, service marks, or names herein, do not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of Nasdaq by
MSCI. MSCI services and data are the property of MSCI or its information providers and are provided ’as-is’ and without warranty. MSCI names and
logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI.
information and data are proprietary of Sustainalytics and/or its third-party suppliers (Third Party Data) and are provided for informational purposes
only. They do not constitute an endorsement of any product or project, nor any investment advice and are not warranted to be complete, timely,
accurate, or suitable for a particular purpose. Their use is subject to conditions available at https://www.sustainalytics.com/legal-disclaimers
Glassdoor’s 2025 Best-Led Companies
 Impact 2026 Award for “Best Sustainability
IR
Reporting, Large Cap” for our 2024 report

Newsweek’s
2026 “America’s Greenest Companies”,
“America’s Most Responsible Companies”, and “America’s
Greatest Workplaces for Culture, Belonging, and Community”

Sustainability
Magazine 2025 Top 250 World’s Most
Sustainable Companies
TIME’s
2025 World’s Most Sustainable Companies
(#1 in the U.S. and #8 in the world)
Memberships
Nasdaq participates in a select group of sustainability- and corporate social responsibility-related organizations that closely align to our corporate values.
GRI 2-28
SDG 17
10
U
 pholding Robust Governance
for a Resilient Future
Priority Sustainability Topics
Business Ethics and Integrity Corporate Governance, Transparency,
and Reporting Corruption, Bribery and Anti-Financial Crime Data
Privacy and Cybersecurity Innovation and Technology Labor
Practices and Human Rights
“Nasdaq’s corporate governance framework is fundamental to our futureforward approach to supporting strong economies and fair, well-functioning
markets. We are committed to a longstanding tradition of ethical, principled
governance, transparent reporting, and effective Board oversight. Together,
these practices enable us to act in the best interests of our stakeholders—our
shareholders, employees, clients, and the communities we serve.”
Related Nasdaq Policies, Practice Statements, and Filings
Code of Ethics; Supplier Code of Ethics; Information Protection and
Privacy Practices; Product Quality Practices Statement; Corporate
Governance Guidelines; 2026 Proxy Statement
– John A. Zecca
Chief Legal Officer and Head of Regulatory, Nasdaq
Our governance framework focuses on the
interests of our shareholders. It is designed
to promote governance transparency and
helps ensure our Board has the necessary
tools to review and evaluate our business
operations and make decisions that are
independent of management and in the best
interests of our shareholders. Our goal is to
align the interests of shareholders, directors,
and management while complying with, or
exceeding, the requirements of The Nasdaq
Stock Market and applicable law.
This governance framework establishes the practices our Board follows with
respect to oversight of:
Board Composition
• corporate sustainability;
As of June 10, 2026:
• our corporate strategy for long-term value creation;
Our directors represent a wide range of diverse
backgrounds, experiences, leadership, and skills
that together embody the knowledge relevant to
Nasdaq’s strategic long-term vision and global
operations. 11 out of 12 (92%) are independent,
five out of 12 (42%) are women, and two out of
12 (17%) have sustainability-related skills and
expertise.
• capital allocation;
• risk management, including risks relating to information security
and the protection of our market systems;
• our human capital management program, corporate culture initiatives,
and ethics program;
• our corporate governance structures, principles, and practices;
92%
Independent
• Board refreshment and executive succession planning;
• executive compensation; and
• compliance with local regulations and laws across our business lines
and geographic regions.
For our full Board Composition, see our
2026 Proxy Statement on our Investor
Relations webpage
GRI 2-24, GRI 405-1
WEF Core 4
11
“As markets and technologies
evolve, strong compliance
will remain essential to
sustainable growth. At
Nasdaq, we continue to
invest in forward looking
compliance frameworks
that anticipate regulatory
change, strengthen trust,
and enable our clients to
operate responsibly in a
rapidly changing global
environment.”
– Mike Kallens,
VP, Chief Compliance Officer
and Deputy General Counsel,
Nasdaq
GRI 2-24, GRI 205-2, GRI 206, GRI 206-1, GRI 404, GRI 410
WEF Core 4, WEF Core 5
Ethics and Compliance
Training
Employee Certifications
The Nasdaq Code of Ethics sets expectations for ethical
conduct for all officers, directors, employees, and
contractors. It is applicable to the Board, all full-time and
part-time employees, contract workers, and others who
conduct work on behalf of Nasdaq. A separate Board
Code of Conduct provides supplemental provisions for
directors. Ethical values are reinforced through ongoing
training, town halls, and webinars. Information about key
topics covered in our corporate policies are available on
the Corporate Sustainability Resource Center. The Global
Ethics and Compliance Program is managed by our Chief
Compliance Officer with management oversight by our
Compliance Council, chaired by our Chief Legal, Risk and
Regulatory Officer and board oversight by our Audit & Risk
Committee. A cross-functional, geographically diverse team
and external experts help enable the Company to align with
industry practices and regulatory expectations. The Ethics
and Compliance Program is designed based on five pillars—
Executive and Board Leadership, Policies and Controls, Risk
Assessment, Outreach and Training, and Monitoring, Audit
and Response that guide decision-making, compliance
awareness, and responsible business performance.
All full- and part-time employees and contractors are
required to complete trainings and certifications both at
onboarding and on an annual basis. Town hall events and
webinars augment this training to employees on a periodic
basis. In addition, Nasdaq conducts role-based trainings
and exercises to reinforce policies and procedures.
� Attest to the accuracy of their financial and conflict
of interest disclosures (which are required to be kept
current on an ongoing basis)
To reinforce Nasdaq’s commitment to ethics and
compliance, Internal Audit periodically reviews the Global
Ethics Program, including the Code of Ethics and related
policies. Through the annual risk assessment process of
identifying and evaluating inherent and residual risks for
each auditable entity, Internal Audit integrates fraud risk
considerations into every review, enhancing the company’s
overall compliance framework. The outcomes of Internal
Audit’s assessment inform the frequency and scope of audit
activities, further supporting Nasdaq’s integrity.
To learn more, see our Code of Ethics
and our Supplier Code of Ethics on our
� Comply with Nasdaq’s Code of Ethics
� Comply with Nasdaq’s compliance, information
security, and privacy policies, including, but not
limited to, Nasdaq’s policy regarding insider trading/
personal securities trading (the Global Trading Policy)
and policies related to anti-corruption, sanctions, and
trade controls
Corporate Sustainability Resource Center
100% of full- and part-time employees receive training on topics including:
Ethics, Integrity, and
Conflicts of Interest
Human Rights and
Modern Slavery
Cybersecurity Awareness
and Privacy
Anti-Financial Crime &
Anti-Money Laundering
Economic Sanctions and
Trade Controls
Insider Trading
Nasdaq’s SpeakUp!
Program
Risk Management
Responsible Use of AI
Anti-Harassment and
Discrimination*
Anti-Corruption, Gifts, and
Business Entertainment
*Required training for U.S. employees residing in states where training is mandated.
12
Whistleblower Program and Protections
Nasdaq provides multiple channels for reporting potential misconduct or
violations of regulatory obligations under our SpeakUp! Program. One of
those channels is the SpeakUp! Line. Our SpeakUp! Line (available online
at speakup.nasdaq.com or via published phone numbers for each country
in which we operate) enables anonymous whistleblowing, including as
required by applicable laws and regulations. The SpeakUp! Line is operated
by a third party that is strictly required to protect the anonymity of the
reporting individual when requested by the individual. The Audit & Risk
Committee receives regular reports on activity on the SpeakUp! Line. The
Line is available and accessible online and via a call center 24/7 for Nasdaq
employees and contractors, as well as external parties doing business
with Nasdaq. Information about the SpeakUp! Program, including ways to
contact it, is available in Nasdaq’s Code. This information is also reiterated
to employees through town halls, global sessions on ethics and compliance
topics, and annual ethics and compliance training. Nasdaq also provides
mandatory training to all people managers on how to serve as an effective
SpeakUp! channel to their employees.
Anti-Corruption
As set forth in Nasdaq’s Code and relevant policies, we have zero-tolerance
for violation of bribery and corruption laws. Nasdaq’s anti-corruption
program is implemented at an enterprise, global level across all divisions and
expert functions in a risk-based manner. It includes policies, procedures,
monitoring, and periodic risk assessments aligned to leading practices and
standards, including those published by the U.S. Department of Justice and
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
To enable our compliance programs to align with industry practices and
applicable laws, regulations, and guidelines, Nasdaq periodically engages
reputable third parties with expertise in anti-bribery, anti-corruption,
sanctions, and other compliance matters to perform independent
assessments of the programs. In 2025, Nasdaq had zero confirmed
incidents of corruption, incidents in which employees were dismissed
or disciplined for corruption, or incidents where contracts with business
partners were not renewed due to corruption. The Code of Ethics and the
Gifts, Entertainment and Anti-Corruption Policy are reviewed annually with
updates approved by executive management with oversight by the Board.
The updated documents are communicated to all employees and certified
by them on an annual basis. Policies are available to all Nasdaq employees
on our internal Global Policy Library. For more information, see Nasdaq’s
Code of Ethics and Supplier Code of Ethics.
Anti-Financial Crime and Anti-Money Laundering
Nasdaq is committed to preventing financial crime, including money
laundering and terrorism financing. Nasdaq’s Code of Ethics, Trade Controls
and Sanctions Compliance Policy, Global Anti-Money Laundering (AML)
Policy, and applicable regional policies all require compliance with financial
crime and AML laws and regulations that pertain to our business. Nasdaq
subsidiaries considered “financial institutions” under laws such as the U.S.
Bank Secrecy Act and applicable EU regulations, must conduct any required
know-your-customer (KYC) due diligence, monitor transactions, and report
suspicious activities. Nasdaq places strong emphasis on compliance
with economic sanctions and trade control laws applicable across the
jurisdictions in which we operate. As regulations become increasingly
complex, Nasdaq continuously refines our sanctions and trade controls
compliance program to address regulatory change, emerging risks, and
business growth. In 2025, we commissioned an external assessment
of Nasdaq’s sanctions and export controls compliance program, which
validated the overall effectiveness of its implementation and alignment with
regulatory frameworks.
Human Rights
Nasdaq embeds core human rights principles into our corporate policies
and business strategy. Our Vision, Mission, and Values Statements, along
with our Code of Ethics, Supplier Code of Ethics, and Employee Handbooks
emphasize responsibility, integrity, and values-based decision-making,
and set forth our standards for conducting our business ethically and
consistently with our moral principles. These principles and standards shape
our interactions with fellow employees, clients, suppliers, communities,
and markets around the world — and with our community of stakeholders.
Supply chains are complex and global human rights conditions change, so
we remain committed to ongoing human rights due diligence, and regularly
evaluate processes and technologies that could enable us to enhance our
risk-monitoring capabilities.
For more information on our due diligence process, please see our Human
Rights Practices Statement and our Modern Slavery Transparency Statement
on our Corporate Sustainability Resource Center
Freedom of Association
Collective bargaining is a fundamental right rooted in the International
Labour Organization (ILO) Constitution and reaffirmed as such in the 1998
ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. Fewer than
five percent1 of Nasdaq’s employee population is confirmed to be covered
by collective bargaining agreements. We respect our employees’ right to
freedom of association, and we maintain a fair working environment for
our employees and others, encouraging their full contribution to advancing
our mission and vision. We observe laws and regulations around the world
relating to freedom of association. Where such laws do not exist, we apply
generally accepted industry practices consistent with local circumstances
as representation structures vary globally.
1 In certain jurisdictions we are not permitted to request employees to disclose if they are members of a trade union or work council.
GRI 2-24, GRI 2-25, GRI 2-26, GRI 2-30, GRI 205, GRI 205-1, GRI 205-2, GRI 205-3, GRI 407, GRI 407-1, GRI 408-1, GRI 409-1
WEF Core 4, WEF Core 5, Core 14
13
Information Security and Data Privacy
Oversight
“Cybersecurity ranks among the top
risks for every organization, CEO, Board
of Directors, government, and nation.
At Nasdaq, we prioritize information
security risks, while operating on an
adaptable and resilient cybersecurity
platform. The Information Security
Program is designed to protect the
organization’s business operations and
information assets against real world
cyber threats by employing technology,
expertise, industry best practice,
appropriate policies and procedures,
tailored education programs, and secure
architecture principles across the
organization.”
– Louis Modano,
EVP and Chief Information Security Officer,
Cybersecurity is an integral part of risk management
at Nasdaq. The Information Security Department (ISD)
is led by the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO)
who reports to the Chief Information Officer (CIO) who,
in turn, reports directly to the CEO. The ISD oversees
protection of core business operations and information
using technology, policies, processes, education, and
design across the organization.
The ISD, in collaboration with the Legal, Regulatory and
Risk Group, is responsible for coordinating Nasdaq’s
Privacy Program. This includes compliance efforts
related to the European and UK General Data Protection
Nasdaq has appointed an independent Data Protection
Officer for its European regulated business entities. We
are also subject to the Digital Operational Resilience
Act, or DORA. The act applies directly to our European
regulated entities, as well as indirectly for our provision
of information and communications technology services
to other European regulated entities subject to DORA.
DORA includes requirements on risk management
procedures, requirements for procuring information
and communication technology services, and ongoing
processes to monitor compliance.
For more information on cybersecurity see our 2026
Proxy Statement on our Investor Relations webpage
The Nasdaq Information Security Management System
(ISMS) that governs the global enterprise infrastructure
and supports key global information security processes
and includes technology, personnel, locations and
data centers, conforms to ISO 27001 requirements
and is ISO 27001 certified. The processes in scope for
the Nasdaq ISO 27001 certification include: Access
Management, Human Resources, Product Development
Lifecycle (PDLC), Change Management, Supplier Risk
Management, Configuration/ Build Management, Asset
Management, Incident Management, Physical Security,
Security Operations, Risk Assessment, Internal Audit,
Disaster Recovery, Scanning, Backup/Restore, and
Application Security. Nasdaq personnel corporate
equipment and connectivity to the production
infrastructure are also in scope. Additionally, certain
Nasdaq products undergo an annual SOC 2 Type II
audit. The final reports are made available to customers
under non-disclosure agreements.
For more information see our Information Protection
and Privacy Practices statement on our Corporate
Sustainability Resource Center
During the year, Nasdaq conducts monthly simulated
spear-phishing attacks and provides role-based
security training for developers and Information
Security staff through a secure coding program. In
October, Nasdaq organizes cybersecurity awareness
events for Cybersecurity Awareness Month.
Information Security Policies, Procedures, and
Practices
Nasdaq and its affiliates require employees to take
Security Awareness Training annually. Nasdaq’s
Security Awareness Training was created in-house by
the ISD. New employees are provided an Information
Security training as part of their onboarding
and complete an assessment to validate their
understanding of Nasdaq’s security protocols. New
employees must review Nasdaq’s Information Security
Policies and assert compliance with such Policies by
14
Responsible AI Practices
Incident Response and Management Policy
Data Privacy
Nasdaq’s Incident Management Policy governs all incidents,
including security incidents, that cause or could potentially
cause an interruption to or reduction in the quality and/or
availability of a Nasdaq service. The primary goals of the
policy are to restore normal service operation as quickly
as possible, provide timely and accurate communication
to relevant stakeholders, and minimize the adverse impact
of an incident on business operations and/or the quality of
provided services. Nasdaq employs a multi-layered team
structure to manage incidents with established roles and
escalation procedures.
Nasdaq’s data privacy program reflects the partnership and
collaboration between the Ethics and Compliance Team and
ISD to apply special governance, policies, procedures, and
training on the use, handling, and processing of personal
data and performance of activities that impact privacy rights
(as determined by the jurisdictions in which we operate).
Nasdaq’s privacy compliance program is designed to enable
adherence to laws and regulations applicable to personal
data that it processes, including, as applicable,
contractual commitments to customers, vendors, and
other counterparties.
Sarbanes-Oxley Act Compliance
We continue to update our privacy program to account for
Nasdaq’s evolving business, including the use of AI and
other innovative technology in our products, services, and
operations. In addition, in 2025, Nasdaq did not receive any
substantiated complaints concerning breaches of systems
processing personal data or any complaints concerning
privacy or personal data by regulatory bodies.
As a publicly traded company, we are required to
adhere to provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
(SOX) which relates to Internal Control over Financial
Reporting (ICFR). As part of the SOX Compliance
Program, the Company is audited by an independent
public accountant that is registered as a public
accounting firm with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board, as provided for in SOX.
Information Protection and Privacy Practices statement on
our Corporate Sustainability Resource Center
We are committed to the ethical and responsible use of
AI in our products, services, and business operations. Our
AI governance structure aligns the application of AI with
our core values through a framework that addresses the
unique risks AI technology introduces while enabling us
to explore innovation and take advantage of opportunities
that AI presents to better serve our customers, advance our
business objectives, and bring value to our shareholders.
The framework puts into practice Nasdaq’s responsible AI
usage principles and considers the U.S. National Institute
of Standards and Technology (NIST) AI Risk Management
Framework. It is administered and available to all employees
through company-wide policies, procedures, and supporting
preventative and detective controls. In 2025, to help
advance internal AI governance and adoption, Nasdaq
established a dedicated AI Integration Team led by the
newly appointed Chief AI Integration Officer.
For more information see our 2025 Form 10-K on our Investor
Relations webpage
In 2025, Nasdaq published our internal Artificial
Intelligence Development Standard Version 2.0, which
provides a comprehensive framework for developing
AI features and products at Nasdaq and focuses on
responsible use, scalability, and compliance with
industry regulations. Version 2.0 introduced enhanced
requirements and improved alignment with evolving
legislative and client expectations while streamlining
processes for internal teams.
“Nasdaq leverages artificial
intelligence to accelerate
innovation, strengthen
operational effectiveness,
and create greater value for
all our stakeholders. Robust
governance and ethical
guidelines enable our use
of AI to remain responsible,
transparent, and aligned with
our corporate values.”
– Donald Beery,
Chief AI Integration Officer,
GRI 418-1
SASB FN-EX-550a.2
15
Public Policy Advocacy
As part of our duty to our shareholders, employees
and the markets, we actively engage in public
policy debates in the U.S., Europe, and elsewhere.
Oversight of our public policy advocacy practices
follows industry best practices with committees
that set priorities and review Nasdaq’s public policy
activities in the U.S. and Europe. These committees
are convened with active senior management
participation on a quarterly basis. Our Government
Relations function and its procedures operate under
the Legal, Risk, and Regulatory Group. Nasdaq
maintains a vigorous global employee education
program with respect to the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act and other jurisdictional prohibitions on
pay-for-play.
In the U.S., Nasdaq’s advocacy focuses on policies
affecting the capital markets. Nasdaq concentrates
efforts on education and outreach and utilizes a
modest Political Action Committee (PAC) program
known as the Nasdaq PAC. The Nasdaq PAC is
funded entirely through employee contributions and
is governed by a board of employees who vote on
every disbursement. For more information on the
Nasdaq PAC, see the Federal Election Commission
website. In the U.S., federal lobbying expenses
are reported in compliance with the U.S. Lobbying
Disclosure Act.
Our European operations’ advocacy programs focus
on active education and engagement with elected
leaders and key policymakers. Our policies in Europe
follow prevailing jurisdictional law.
Nasdaq maintains memberships in several
associations around the globe that serve as
important partners for our industry, clients, and
employees, including the World Federation of
Exchanges, Federation of European Securities
Exchanges, U.S. Securities Markets Coalition,
Equity Markets Association, Partnership for New
York City, Business Roundtable, U.S. Chamber
of Commerce, U.S.-India Business Council,
TechNet, and others.
For information, please see our
Public Policy webpage
Tax Transparency
Risk Management
Nasdaq and all our subsidiaries have a responsibility as a
global taxpayer to accurately calculate, report, and pay the
Company’s corporate income taxes. Our goal is to minimize
organizational tax risk exposure by staying current on tax
law changes, implementing robust controls around our
processes, and avoiding overly aggressive tax planning
strategies which would prevent the Company from paying
its fair share of taxes and contributing to the economic
success of countries in which we operate. We only engage in
transactions with sufficient economic substance and do not
invest in tax havens for the purpose of tax avoidance.
Risk Oversight
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2025, discloses Nasdaq’s total cash
contribution for income taxes paid during the year. For 2025,
Nasdaq paid $373 million worldwide in corporate income
taxes. For further detail, see Sustainability Report Data on
page 69 for a summary by country.
Our Public Tax Policy applies to Nasdaq and all our global
subsidiaries and describes the principles that form the
foundation of our approach to tax governance.
For information on Nasdaq’s Transferable Tax Credit Program
see page 29.
The Board’s role in risk oversight is consistent with our
leadership structure with management having day-to-day
responsibility for assessing and managing the Company’s
risk exposure and the Board having ultimate responsibility
for overseeing risk management with a focus on the most
significant risks facing the Company. The Board is assisted
in meeting this responsibility by several Board Committees.
The Board, through the Audit & Risk Committee, sets the
Company’s risk appetite, which is the boundaries within
which our management operates while achieving corporate
objectives. The Board and/or Audit & Risk Committee review
periodic risk reports relating to the Company’s risk profile and
adherence to its risk appetite. In addition, the Board reviews
and approves the Company’s Enterprise Risk Management
(ERM) Policy, which mandates ERM requirements and defines
employees’ risk management roles and responsibilities.
Enterprise Risk Management
Nasdaq’s Group Risk Management (GRM), which is part of
the Legal, Risk, and Regulatory Group, oversees the ERM
framework, supports its implementation, and aggregates
and reports risk information to the Board and/or Audit & Risk
Committee, risk management oversight committees, and
relevant management.
Under the ERM Policy, we employ an approach that manages
risk through objective and consistent identification,
assessment, monitoring, and measurement of significant
risks across the Company. We classify risks into the
following categories:
GRI 205-1, GRI 207-2, GRI 415-1
WEF Core 6
16
• Strategic and Business Risk: Risk to earnings and
capital arising from changes in the business environment
and from adverse business decisions, improper
implementation of decisions, or lack of responsiveness to
changes in the business environment.
“Nasdaq’s future-forward approach
to risk management empowers
us to innovate with confidence.
We continuously evolve our Risk
Management Framework to help
ensure it remains “fit-for-purpose” in
support of Nasdaq’s pivotal role in the
capital markets of the future. We are
enhancing business value through
transparency and risk informed
decisions within our Board approved
risk appetite. Our risk processes
drive clear accountability for risk
taking and drive a risk aware culture
across all of Nasdaq.”
– Christian Mittelberg,
SVP, Chief Risk Officer,
GRI 201-2, GRI 204, GRI 205-1, GRI 414-1, GRI 414-2
WEF Core 6
• Financial Risk: Risk to our financial position or ability
to operate due to investment decisions and financial
risk management practices, in particular as it relates to
market, credit, capital, and liquidity risks.
• Operational Risk: Risks arising from our people, processes,
and systems and from external causes, including, among
other things, risks related to transaction errors, financial
misstatements, technology and artificial intelligence,
information security (including cybersecurity), engagement
of third parties, and maintaining business continuity.
• Legal and Regulatory Risk: Risks related to data privacy,
intellectual property, financial crime, and employment law,
among other areas, as well as risks of exposure to civil
and criminal consequences while conducting our business
operations, such as regulatory penalties, fines, forfeiture,
and/or litigation.
Sustainability-related risks are integrated into these risk
categories to ensure that they are assessed where they
materialize and managed by the appropriate risk owners,
thus enhancing the effectiveness and maturity of the
ERM framework.
Climate-Related Risk
Nasdaq regularly evaluates climate risks that may affect
our products and services, value chain, operations, and
investments. We perform detailed evaluations focused
primarily on the types of risks that are likely to increase direct
costs or interrupt our primary business functions. See our
TCFD Report on pages 48-61 for additional information.
Supplier Engagement
When engaging a supplier, the standards, rules,
and processes in our Supplier Engagement and
Management policy are expected to be followed,
which include conducting pre-contract supplier due
diligence and ongoing monitoring of existing supplier
relationships. Nasdaq has a risk-based approach
for performing due diligence, which includes public
records screening and evaluating potential suppliers.
Nasdaq performs periodic assessments on our
third parties, particularly those that are deemed to
provide critical goods and services to Nasdaq. These
periodic assessments evaluate the third-party’s
controls relevant to the services they provide, which
include, but are not limited to, controls relating to
information systems and security, environmental
risks, and modern slavery. Nasdaq’s Office of the
General Counsel administers the Contract Review
& Approval Policy, which details the legal review
process for Nasdaq contracts. In accordance with
Nasdaq internal processes, the Information Security
Department conducts risk assessments of vendors
that process Nasdaq data (including customer data)
and/or have access to Nasdaq systems and works
with our legal department regarding applicable
vendor-appropriate contractual protections related
to information security.
In 2025, we spent approximately $734 million
with local suppliers (within the same country of
operation), which represents 92% of our annual
procurement spend.
For more information, please see the Evaluating and
Engaging Our Supply Chain section on page 28.
For more information see our Supplier Code of Ethics
on our Corporate Sustainability Resource Center
Nasdaq’s Supplier Code of Ethics reflects our
extended commitment to help ensure that we retain
highly qualified suppliers. Suppliers must attest to
our Supplier Code of Ethics, confirming they have
policies and practices consistent with ours and to
the extent they do not, that they will adhere to the
applicable standards in our Supplier Code of Ethics.
17
S
 trengthening Environmental
Resilience for the Long Term
Climate, Environment, and Energy
“In 2025, we enhanced our environmental data collection processes
and refined the quality of our data to support more informed
decision-making as we work to reduce emissions and meet our
science-based net-zero targets.”
Related Nasdaq Policies, Practice Statements, and Filings
Environmental Practices Statement; Supplier Code of Ethics
– Jase Gregoric
Associate Vice President, Global Head of Environmental and Real Estate Project Office, Nasdaq
Decarbonization and
Climate Strategy
At Nasdaq, we are committed
to minimizing our environmental
footprint, meeting our net-zero goals,
and protecting our business from
long-term climate risks. We aim to
implement initiatives to decrease our
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions,
while ensuring transparency of our
processes and programs that help us
reach our long-term targets.
Our climate strategy focuses on
optimizing energy efficiency and
lowering related GHG emissions across
all business operations and our supply
chain, while also mitigating risks
related to climate and biodiversity.
GRI 305
SDG 13
Our climate strategy is driven by two complementary programs
Carbon Net-Zero Program
This program focuses on the
absolute reduction of Nasdaq’s
GHG emissions across our
value chain to near-zero levels by
implementing initiatives aligned with
a 1.5°C decarbonization pathway and
embedded into our business operations
and supply chain. These efforts are
guided by our near- and long-term
science-based targets, as approved
by the Science Based Targets Initiative
(SBTi), to help us meet our sciencebased decarbonization milestones and
make progress over time by minimizing
emissions directly at their source.
Carbon Neutrality Program
In 2025, we achieved our
carbon neutrality goal for the
seventh year. As we work to
achieve our net-zero targets, our carbon
neutrality program addresses Nasdaq’s
Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions through the
purchasing of 100% renewable electricity
and investment in independently verified
carbon credits. To neutralize Nasdaq’s
reported GHG emissions, we calculate
our carbon footprint on an annual basis.
The key priorities of our net-zero and carbon neutrality programs are to:
1.	 increase energy efficiency and lower our
corresponding GHG emissions and waste
generation of our global operations through
thoughtful strategies and sustainable initiatives;
2.	 engage with our suppliers and encourage them
to report and reduce their GHG emissions and
set their own science-based targets;
3.	 proactively purchase renewable electricity for
our office space and data center portfolio;
4.	 purchase Renewable Energy Certificates
(RECs) from projects that are less than five
years old and generate power into the same
energy distribution network as our operations
to offset any fossil fuel generated electricity
we consume;
5.	 purchase independently verified, engineered,
and nature-based carbon credits from
projects that focus on carbon removal and/or
biodiversity to neutralize our Scope 1, Scope
2, and Scope 3 GHG emissions to achieve
carbon neutrality; and
6.	 regularly review our environmental data and
explore process enhancements that reduce
our reliance on assumptions and estimates,
and provide insights into how we can further
reduce our GHG emissions.
18
Nasdaq’s SBTi-Validated Science-Based Targets
Science-Based Targets
Our near- and long-term science-based emission reduction targets, as well
as our 2050 net-zero target, were initially approved by the SBTi in 2022. All
of our targets are gross targets validated to absolute contraction and are
aligned to 1.5 degrees Celsius targets. In 2025, our targets were updated and
validated by SBTi to more accurately represent Nasdaq’s expanding business
operations, including updating our base year to 2023 to reflect the acquisition
of Adenza. Although Nasdaq did not acquire Adenza until November 2023,
Adenza’s full year emissions were included in the 2023 base year calculations
to present all periods on a comparable basis.
Our validated science-based targets underpin our net-zero program. As we
work to implement initiatives to reduce our overall absolute GHG emissions,
we aim to neutralize our remaining emissions. We aim to achieve our nearterm science-based targets through emissions reductions, without reliance on
carbon credits. For our long‑term net‑zero target, carbon credits may be used
solely to neutralize residual emissions.
Overall Net-Zero Target
2050
Nasdaq commits to reach net-zero greenhouse
gas emissions across the value chain by 2050
Near-Term Targets
70%
Nasdaq commits that 70% of our suppliers
by spend, covering purchased goods
and services and capital goods, will have
science-based targets by 2029
90%
Nasdaq commits to reduce absolute Scope
1 and 2 GHG emissions 90% by 2032 from a
2023 base year
97%
Nasdaq commits to increase active annual
sourcing of renewable electricity from 97%
in 2023 to 100% by 2030
Market-based emissions refer to the GHG emissions Nasdaq is
responsible for after factoring in the renewable electricity that we
purchased. Location-based emissions are those based on the average
emission intensity of the electrical grids on which Nasdaq’s electricity
consumption occurs.
50%
Nasdaq commits to reduce absolute Scope 3
GHG emissions 50% by 2032 from a
2023 base year
Long-Term Targets
90%
Suppliers by spend that have set or committed
to set science-based targets
0%
44.2%
50.8%
70%
2024
2029
100%
95%
In 2025, our Scope 1 and 2 market-based GHG
emissions decreased 73% from a 2023 base year
0%
73%
2032
Nasdaq commits to maintain
a minimum 90% absolute
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions
reduction from 2032 through
2050 from a 2023 base year
100%
Nasdaq commits to reduce
absolute Scope 3 GHG
emissions 95% within the
same timeframe
In 2025, we achieved 100% renewable electricity
by purchasing RECs for any non-renewable
electricity consumed
In 2025, our Scope 3 emissions decreased
33% from a 2023 base year
19%
33%
50%
2032
GRI 305
WEF Core 8
SDG 13
19
Our GHG Emissions
Nasdaq continues to calculate our GHG emissions
utilizing the Operational Control approach in line with
the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Accounting
and Reporting Standard. This approach allows us to
collect high quality data and provides us with insights
that help us progress towards our targets. Our total GHG
emissions decreased in 2025 from 2024, primarily due
to enhancements in our data collection and analysis
processes that reduced reliance on assumptions
and estimates. Emissions from Scope 3, Category 1,
Purchased Goods & Services decreased 24% primarily
due to the use of more updated and precise emissions
factors provided directly by our suppliers. Business
travel emissions decreased 39% year-over-year, mainly
due to the adoption of more precise emissions factors
and refined activity data for long-haul, multi-leg trips.
Employee commuting emissions declined 22% year-overyear, due to improved data collection and calculation
processes that reduced reliance on estimates, as well as
a 112% year-over-year increase in battery electric vehicle
(EV) car road miles driven and a 15% decline in internal
combustion engine vehicle miles driven. Scope 3, Fuel &
Energy Related Activities emissions increased year-overyear due to incorporating well-to-tank (WTT) and WTT
transmission and distribution (T&D) losses, a best practice
methodological update.
We review our Scope 1, Scope 2, and relevant upstream
and downstream Scope 3 emissions annually to identify
opportunities for emissions abatement. We remain focused
on addressing evolving climate disclosure requirements and
standards, and we continue to refine the quality of our data
so that we rely less on assumptions and estimates.
GRI 302, GRI 305, GRI 305-1, GRI 305-2
WEF Core 7
140,000
120,000
100,000
2023
80,000
Scope 1
14
79
75.1
60,000
Scope 2
271
229
962
Scope 3
71,903
86,780
106,807
Total
72,188
87,088
107,844
20242
20,000
0
Location-based GHG Emissions by Scope (MT CO2e)1
140,000
120,000
100,000
80,000
Scope 1
79
75.1
Scope 2
19,339
19,240
19,676
60,000
Scope 3
71,903
86,780
106,807
40,000
Total
91,256
106,099
126,558
20,000
0
Environmental Data Quality and Controls
Market-based GHG Emissions by Scope (MT CO2e)
40,000
In 2025, we continued to enhance the quality of our environmental
data. We incorporated more precise emissions factors from Climatiq,
embedded within our GHG data collection platform, Metrio. We also
integrated Scope 3, Category 1 purchased goods and services activity
level data from one of our top suppliers, whose methodology follows
the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting standard
and meets our own rigorous emissions calculation methodology
criteria. We also expanded our supplier outreach, leading to greater
CDP Climate Survey participation and increased precision in supplier
emissions data. We improved our business travel data by sourcing
distance information directly from our travel platform rather than
relying on manual calculations, improving data accuracy and reducing
the potential for errors. Other enhancements to our data processes
included migrating our employee commuting survey to Workday,
increasing survey participation to approximately 60% from 20%, and
engaging an independent third-party advisor to help improve our
environmental data process flows and controls documentation. For
our facility-level data, we enhanced our data collection process to
incorporate data owners directly into the Metrio platform to improve
data accuracy and auditability. This approach enabled more precise
electricity and natural gas estimates by accounting only for periods
when facilities were operational and for the energy sources they use,
including using Metrio’s capabilities to implement a built‑in mapping
of the U.S. EPA’s eGRID database to ensure more accurate assignment
of electricity emission factors. We improved the accuracy of our
water data by applying standardized conversion factors to translate
wastewater volumes into estimated water supply.
We are focused on developing the most accurate and comprehensive
view of our emissions profile with the aim of identifying and
implementing effective emissions reduction initiatives.
1	According to GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance, the location-based method quantifies Scope 2 GHG emissions based on average energy
generation emission factors for defined locations, including local, subnational, or national boundaries.
2	Nasdaq recalculated 2024 data in 2025 using more accurate estimations than those available at the time of initial reporting, resulting in
some minor differences between previously reported and recalculated 2024 emissions.
20
Scope 3 GHG Emissions by Category (MT CO2e)
7%
4%
11%
6%
Scope 3 Emissions (MT CO2e)
Emissions from Scope 3, Category 1, Purchased Goods and Services decreased 24% primarily due to the use of more updated and precise emissions
factors provided directly by our suppliers. Business travel emissions decreased 39% year‑over‑year, mainly due to the adoption of more precise emissions
factors and refined activity data for long‑haul, multi‑leg trips. Employee commuting emissions declined 22% year-over‑year, due to improved data collection
and calculation processes that reduced reliance on estimates, as well as an increase in battery EV car road miles driven. Scope 3, Fuel & Energy Related
Activities emissions increased year‑over-year due to incorporating WTT and WTT T&D losses, a best practice methodological update.
0.4%
0.02%
0.3%
GHG
Emissions
62%
1. Purchased Goods & Services
44,359
2. Capital Goods
6,564
3. Fuel & Energy Related Activities1
4,504
5. Waste Generated in Operations
190
6. Business Travel
7,656
7. Employee Commuting
3,213
8. Upstream Leased Assets2
13. Downstream Leased Assets1
9%
69,950
22,384
58,246
321
12,496
16
15. Investments
5,080
Scope 3 Sub-Total
44,359
6,564
6,846
7,656
6,174
2. Capital Goods
4,504
1,187
1,224
190
126
130
3. Fuel & Energy Related Activities1
5. Waste Generated in Operations
6. Business Travel
3,213
5,080
4,122
3,487
2,638
7. Employee Commuting
321
242
216
28
17
8. Upstream Leased Assets2
13. Downstream Leased Assets1
4,074
15. Investments
Total Scope 3
71%
GRI 305, GRI 305-3
WEF Core 7
of Nasdaq’s Scope 3 emissions come from our supply
chain (Purchased Goods & Services and Capital Goods),
accounting for 56% of our total location-based emissions
1. Purchased Goods & Services
1	Calculated using market-based methodology.
2	Nasdaq accounts for landlord consumed natural gas, diesel, and fugitive refrigerants in Category 8 Upstream Leased Assets since we occupy leased
commercial office space and do not have operational control over the landlord’s consumption.
21
Reducing and Neutralizing Our GHG Emissions
Purchasing Energy from Renewable Sources
In 2025, Nasdaq procured 100% renewable electricity for our office
space and data center portfolios. From 2018 through 2023, Nasdaq
procured 100% renewable electricity for our portfolio (excluding Adenza
and Verafin before acquisition). In 2024, we extended our renewable
electricity commitment to include the Adenza real estate portfolio.
Sourcing renewable electricity is a major focus for Nasdaq, and it is
incorporated in our site selection process for new office and data
center locations, lease negotiations, and electricity contracts. For 2025,
our pre-negotiated renewable energy contracts and virtual power
purchasing agreements (VPPAs) accounted for approximately 80% of
our annual global consumption. For the remaining 20% of electricity that
is not acquired through pre-negotiated renewable energy contracts,
Nasdaq purchases RECs that meet our quality requirements, which
include:
Responsible Innovation
As AI adoption continues to expand, Nasdaq is focused on understanding and managing the associated environmental
impacts — including energy and water use — across our operations and value chain. The majority of emissions linked to
AI-enabled activities reside within our supplier-related Scope 3 footprint, largely reflecting energy and water use from
third-party cloud and technology infrastructure that supports our platforms. Rather than treating AI as a standalone
emissions category, we engage our existing top technology and cloud suppliers through our supplier engagement efforts to
address energy efficiency, water stewardship, renewable energy sourcing, and longer-term carbon reduction goals. These
efforts are supported by our Supplier Code of Conduct, through which we encourage suppliers to adopt sustainability
and environmental practices in line with our published Environmental Practices Statement, including practices related to
responsible water use associated with data center and AI infrastructure operations. These efforts are designed to help
mitigate any growth in emissions and resource consumption over time, whether driven by AI-related workloads, or broader
increases in infrastructure demand.
We’re also taking steps to promote efficient AI use by our workforce. For example, we enable employees to select from
various large language models (LLMs) in our employee-facing GenAI platform, with guidance provided to match models
to the scale and complexity of the prompt. This helps employees choose appropriately sized models, potentially reducing
unnecessary energy and water consumption from AI inference workloads. Nasdaq’s commitment to sourcing 100%
renewable electricity extends to the infrastructure that supports our AI-enabled capabilities.
• having corresponding requisite attestations and verifications;
• providing renewable energy to the grid that has been consumed by
each Nasdaq office; and
• being less than five years old with high priority given to those projects
in operation for less than one year, to stimulate demand for new
renewable energy projects in the local power grid.
This resulted in Nasdaq reducing our 2025 market-based Scope 2
GHG emissions (excluding steam and district heating) to zero. Our total
energy consumption in 2025 increased by approximately 12% from 2024,
due to the organic growth of Nasdaq business operations, including the
increased number of employees.
In 2025, Nasdaq procured 100% renewable electricity
for our office space and data center portfolios
GRI 302, GRI 302-1, GRI 305, GRI 305-5
22
Our energy consumption data was collected by the following methods (listed in
priority order):
How We Neutralize Our Emissions (in MT CO2e)
1.	 Full year metered data for the Nasdaq space consumption.
3.	 Where metered data was unavailable, estimates were calculated using industry
assumptions on the office location, amenities within the space, square footage, and
headcount.
Scope 2 Renewable Electricity Consumption (in MWh)
Our location-based
GHG emissions​1
77,711
19,339
2.	 Full year metered data for the entire building in which the Nasdaq space is located.
Nasdaq’s proportionate share of the consumption was then calculated using occupied
square footage within the building.
Net emissions2 ​
(MT CO2e)
(14)
Our mitigations
(15,098)
(3,970)
(17,868)
62,080
(271)
(54,035)
15,631
Pre-negotiated renewable energy contracts
Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs)
Carbon offset purchases
Pre-negotiated renewable energy contracts
Nasdaq purchased RECs
In the chart above:
• Percentage of total operational spending on energy (most recent reporting
year): more than 5% less than 10%.
• No energy was sold in the reporting periods.
• Source of conversion factors used: U.S. Energy Information Administration Energy conversion calculators.
1	Gross emissions before landlord and data center operator renewable energy supply factors are applied.
2	Net emissions after landlord and data center operator renewable energy supply factors and Nasdaq REC and carbon offset purchases are applied.
GRI 302, GRI 302-1, GRI 302-2, GRI 305, GRI 305-5
• Whenever possible, Nasdaq’s actual energy consumption was included in the
calculation; otherwise, a proportional share was determined using occupied
square footage. If energy data was completely unavailable, estimates were
based on office location, amenities, square footage, and headcount.
23
Energy Intensity
Absolute Energy Consumption
per Employee
20244
As we strive to reduce our GHG emissions and achieve our science-based
net-zero targets, we aim to neutralize our residual emissions, in part by:
Absolute energy consumption (MWh)
(Scope 1 & 2)1
79,477
70,806
67,861
Number of employees2
9,506
9,138
8,505
8.4
7.7
8.0
• establishing a long-term strategy for our estimated net-zero residual
emissions and building a portfolio of high-quality engineered CO2 removal
projects with proven permanence which has been issued by a registry
approved by Integrity Council for the Voluntary Carbon Market (ICVCM)
and International Carbon Reduction and Offset Alliance (ICROA); and
Energy intensity
Emissions Intensity
Absolute Emissions Generated
per Employee
Total location-based emissions (MT CO2e)
(Scope 1, 2, & 3)
Number of employees2
Emissions intensity
Our Carbon Offset Strategy
3
20244
91,256
106,099
126,558
9,506
9,138
8,505
9.6
11.6
14.9
1	Includes fuel, electricity, heating, and cooling.
2	Employee headcount excluding non-wholly owned consolidated subsidiaries as of December 31.
3	Energy intensity is calculated as a ratio between absolute energy consumption and the number of
employees.
4	Nasdaq recalculated 2024 data in 2025 using more accurate estimations than those available at
the time of initial reporting, resulting in some minor differences between previously reported and
recalculated 2024 emissions.
In 2025, energy intensity per employee increased nine percent year-overyear, in part because of increased office use, while emissions intensity per
employee declined 17% year-over-year, primarily due to a decline in our
Scope 3 emissions.
• compensating for our remaining emissions through a combination of
nature-based carbon crediting projects that preserve or enhance carbon
storage and strengthen the biodiversity of our global forest networks and
are verified by ICROA-endorsed standards.
Nasdaq has implemented a shadow carbon price that acts as a de facto fee
derived from its purchasing of renewable electricity and carbon offsets. We
calculate shadow carbon price by dividing the total cost of our renewable
electricity and carbon credits by the total amount of our carbon emissions
to indicate how much we spend to reduce our carbon footprint. This shadow
carbon price informs our environmental initiatives and pushes us to adopt
better sustainable behaviors, and has contributed to the implementation of
our climate transition plan by providing a financial signal that guides decision
making and encourages sustainable practices. The price is generally a
result of the annual GHG emissions versus the budget to acquire the RECs
and COs. It covers 100% of the total emissions in reporting year, is applied
uniformly across all regions, and is static over time. Nasdaq’s internal
price of carbon is incurred at the parent level (Nasdaq, Inc.) and includes
retroactively purchased renewable electricity and carbon offsets (COs).
Investing in Gevo North Dakota Geological Storage
Carbon Removals
Gevo North Dakota is capturing and storing carbon 1.3 miles
underground in the Broom Creek formation. The project sits in the rural
community of Richardton, where Gevo’s low-carbon ethanol facility
sources corn from more than 200 local farmers within a 75-mile radius.
As that corn grows, photosynthesis pulls CO₂ from the atmosphere.
Fermentation releases the biogenic carbon in a concentrated stream,
which Gevo captures at 99.9% purity and injects through North
Dakota’s first Class VI well for carbon storage. The protein from the
same kernel continues into the food chain as animal feed. Operational
since 2022 and the first Puro.earth*-certified CO₂ storage facility in
the United States, the project has issued more than 560,000 verified
tonnes of carbon removal to date, more than any other engineered
Carbon Dioxide Removal (CDR) project globally. Storage is certified for
1,000+ years and BeZero rates the project A, placing it in the top 10%
of rated CDR projects.
*See Solutions & Services on page 42 for more information
on Puro.earth.
GRI 302, GRI 302-1, GRI 305, GRI 305-4, GRI 305-5
24
In 2025 and 2026, we purchased carbon credits to neutralize our 2025 residual GHG emissions from projects as summarized below.
For details on the carbon crediting projects we support, please see our Voluntary Carbon Market Offsets (CA AB 1305) disclosure.
Project
Standard
Location
Project Type
Description
The project captures CO₂ generated by the corn fermentation process during
ethanol production. Fermentation exhaust is cleaned using a water scrubber
which separates any remaining ethanol and other impurities to produce a
purified stream of CO₂. From the scrubber, CO₂ exhaust is sent to compressors
Gevo North Dakota
U.S.
to raise its pressure to 325 psi. Upon compression, the CO₂ is dehydrated
to remove any remaining water and is sent to a refrigeration unit where it is
subcooled to a liquid at -10°F. The condensed CO₂ is then lightly distilled and
pumped through a flowline to an injection well onsite where it is sequestered
permanently in the Broom Creek formation. The injected gas has high purity
(greater than 99 .9%) with only trace quantities of nitrogen and oxygen.
The project aims to tackle climate change by restoring and protecting
Katingan Peatland
Restoration and
Conservation
Project
peatland ecosystems, enhancing biodiversity, and offering local people
sustainable sources of income. In addition to peatlands preservation, this
Indonesia
project aims to reforest through three programs: community-led agroforestry,
fire break implementation, and intensive reforestation. The team will grow
saplings in on-site nurseries and conduct regular maintenance to improve the
rate of tree survival.
Wetland Restoration and
Conservation (WRC)
GRI 305, GRI 305-5
Reduced Emissions from
Deforestation and Degradation (REDD)
Afforestation, Reforestation
and Revegetation (ARR)
Geologically
stored carbon
25
Aligning Corporate Strategies to Support Reaching Net Zero
Achieving Nasdaq’s near- and long-term science-based emissions
reduction targets requires coordinated action across all business units
and operations. Nasdaq regularly reviews and updates our corporate
strategies to align existing processes and policies with environmental
objectives as our business offerings and operations continue to evolve
and grow.
Environmental Management System (EMS)
Stockholm Office Re-Use Project
During our 2025 Stockholm office relocation, Nasdaq
implemented a reuse and waste-reduction initiative,
reusing over 50% of office furniture and equipment.
Waste sorting and material recovery reduced unsorted
waste; inventory was transferred, sold, or donated,
with monitors sent to Ukraine and gym equipment given to
local charities in Sweden.
Sorting combustible materials generated 269,756 kWh
—enough to heat roughly 18 homes in Sweden for a year.
16,740 kg of metal was recovered, enough material to
produce over 1,300 new bicycles. Recycling this metal
uses 5-10% of the energy required for production using
virgin materials. Each kilogram of recycled aluminum
avoids approximately 10 kg CO2, while each kilogram
Our Real Estate and Facilities (REF) and Data Center (DC) portfolios are
the main contributors to Nasdaq’s Scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions. We
use an EMS to help ensure sustainability factors are considered in our
major operations and to progress towards a more sustainable future. Our
EMS is informed by and follows the structure of ISO14001, commonly
recognized as the leading EMS international standard. Our EMS
provides a framework to facilitate the achievement of our environmental
goals through consistent review, evaluation, and improvement of our
environmental performance.
Green Certifications
As part of our sustainability strategy, Nasdaq is committed to the
wellbeing of our employees and the communities in which we operate.
We are regularly reviewing our office space portfolio to help ensure
that it is “right-sized” for our operations and that we are best utilizing
the space that we lease. When moving or expanding office space, we
prioritize energy efficiency and sustainable practices.
Nasdaq is committed to securing green certifications for main offices
to lower global GHG emissions. In 2025, Nasdaq began the process to
achieve LEED ID+C Platinum certification for the interior fit-out of its
new Stockholm office, which is expected to be finalized in 2026 for the
work completed in 2025. The landlord is separately pursuing LEED Gold
Building certification for the property, which also operates under an ISOaligned environmental management system involving all tenants.
LEED ID+C Platinum is the highest level of certification under the
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design framework for interior
Key processes covered by the EMS include:
spaces, recognizing exceptional energy efficiency, indoor air quality, and
• Environmental requirements during site selection for new offices and
data centers, including access to renewable energy, access to mass
transit, and locations with green/energy/ISO certifications
performance of the whole building managed at the landlord level.
sustainable materials. LEED Gold Building reflects strong sustainability
• Green leasing clauses
• Global standards for design and performance
• Operational and maintenance procedures and policies
• Sustainable procurement and energy efficiency
• GHG standards for suppliers
of recycled steel avoids approximately 1 kg CO2.
GRI 302-4, GRI 305, GRI 305-5
26
Business Travel
Sustainable Leasing Strategy
Business travel is a significant contributor to Nasdaq’s GHG emissions.
Scope 3, Category 6 business travel includes emissions from planes, trains,
hired vehicles, taxis, car services, and hotel stays. In 2025, we engaged
with our travel partners and provided feedback on product development of
our travel platform to explore strategies to reduce our business travel GHG
emissions. These efforts included adding a feature on the platform that
notifies employees booking eligible short-haul trips in Europe, the Middle
East, Africa, and the U.S. that lower-emissions alternatives, such as train
routes, might be available for their trip. Nasdaq encourages employees to
consider the criticality of internal trips and opt for virtual meetings when
appropriate, enabling us to continue to invest in our growth while managing
our GHG emissions.
Optimizing efficiency and overall sustainability of our real estate portfolio
continues to be a key focus. In 2025, we maintained our sustainable leasing
strategy, evaluating aspects such as access to mass transit, certifiable
renewable energy supply, and appropriate sizing of the portfolio.
Nasdaq launched a sustainable business travel pilot campaign in our New York
office in 2025 to encourage employees to make more sustainable business
travel decisions, such as taking the train instead of flying for short haul trips.
Employee Commuting
Nasdaq’s hybrid work program and sustainable leasing strategy help
mitigate our employee commuting GHG emissions. We lease office spaces
that are located near public transportation and offer benefits aimed
at encouraging employees to utilize public transit. In partnership with our
People Operations and Technology team, Nasdaq transitioned its global
employee commuting survey to Workday, increasing participation by nearly
200% in 2025. The updated survey format also improved overall data
collection efficiency by eliminating the need for more than 70 separate
data exports.
Green Team Hosts Bonsai Tree Workshop
for New York Employees
Nasdaq’s Green Team is our environmentally focused employee
network that brings together Nasdaq’s environmentally
conscious workforce and empowers them to incorporate
sustainable practices into their everyday lives. The Green
Team organizes a variety of educational programs, enrichment
activities, and volunteer opportunities for its members. In
2025, the Green Team hosted a workshop at our New York
office where participants learned the basics of bonsai care,
pruning, and styling from an expert instructor and created their
own tree to take home.
GRI 305, GRI 302-4, GRI 305-5
27
Waste
Waste reduction, recycling, and compost diversion are key priorities for
Nasdaq in the operation and management of our facilities. Throughout our
office space lifecycle, we build processes that focus on reducing waste,
recycling unwanted items and equipment, reusing products, and sustainably
procuring products required to maintain our facilities and support our
employees. These processes include green leasing terms for landlord waste
management, office construction and renovations, product procurement,
maintenance and cleaning, and office decommissioning. We have also
implemented several programs to reduce our waste and improve data
accuracy for our landfill and diversion rates. These include:
Spare-It AI Waste Management
In 2025, Nasdaq implemented an AIpowered waste management and reduction
pilot program in our New York office.
Spare-It, the waste intelligence platform,
enhances how we measure and report
on our waste. Our objective is to increase
the percentage of our office waste that
is recycled or composted. The system’s
smart scales and AI photo analysis provide
better visibility into our waste disposal
habits. It tracks recycling and composting,
helps us find opportunities for operational
efficiencies, and gives us the tools to build
awareness to foster better waste disposal
habits among employees.
• continuing to achieve green certification in our office spaces, which
includes implementing policies around sustainable product procurement,
reusing products, and recycling waste;
• implementing our EMS to help ensure that we focus on sustainable
operational purchasing strategies, construction, and office
decommissioning;
• conducting waste audits in our key offices to gain greater detail into how
much waste we generate and divert from landfills; and
• installing a waste-intelligence tool in our New York office as a pilot
program to help decrease waste and improve recycling.
Nasdaq’s waste consumption rose in 2025 compared to previous years due
to higher office occupancy, increased activity in shared office buildings,
expansion of office space in select locations, and more precise waste
estimations where current year data was not available.
Nasdaq does not generate any hazardous waste. Refer to page 75 for data
regarding our waste consumption.
Evaluating and Engaging Our Supply Chain
Nasdaq’s supply chain is the main contributor to our carbon footprint,
accounting for nearly 56% of our total 2025 GHG emissions. Evaluating
and engaging with our key suppliers and entire value chain is key to
reaching our science-based decarbonization milestones and netzero targets. In 2025, GHG emissions from our suppliers decreased
by approximately 22% from 2024. This reduction resulted primarily
from integrating activity level data provided directly by one of our top suppliers. Nasdaq
continues to focus on improving our data quality, sustainable leasing strategies, and
appropriately sizing our real estate portfolio to lower emissions from our real estate and
data center supply chains.
Nasdaq encourages its suppliers to adopt sustainability and environmental practices in line
with our published Environmental Practices Statement and the Nasdaq Supplier Code of
Ethics (Supplier Code). Nasdaq updated its Environmental Practices Statement in 2025 to
reflect our updated science-based targets and supplier engagement strategy. Suppliers
must attest to our Supplier Code, confirming they have policies and practices consistent
with ours and to the extent they do not, that they will adhere to the applicable standards
in our Supplier Code. To the extent practical and feasible, suppliers provide us with
information to support our reporting and transparency commitments related to sustainability
and environmental impacts. In 2025, Nasdaq continued to be a CDP Supply Chain corporate
member and expanded our requests for suppliers to disclose their environmental data
through CDP’s Climate Change survey to our top 300 suppliers.
As part of our near-term science-based emissions reduction targets, we aim to have 70% of
our suppliers by spend, covering purchased goods and services and capital goods, set or
commit to set their own science-based targets by 2029. We have a goal in 2026 to request
our top 300 suppliers to disclose their GHG emissions and set science-based targets
of their own. As part of our Supplier Risk and Onboarding program, we initiate external
objective screening for all our suppliers. We screen for any international sanctions, regulatory
enforcement actions taken, legal enforcement actions taken, and identify any politically
exposed persons. In addition, we screen for any negative news, bankruptcies, liens or court
judgments, and any open or closed lawsuits, amongst numerous other geopolitical data
points, prior to onboarding new suppliers.
GRI 305-5, GRI 306, GRI 306-2, GRI 308,
GRI 308-1, GRI 308-2, GRI 414-1, GRI 414-2
28
Natural Resource Management
Transferable Tax Credit Program — Precious Metals Recycling and
Battery Energy Storage Projects
We conducted a company‑wide TNFD-aligned assessment of Nasdaq’s nature‑related risks
and opportunities including our impacts and dependencies on nature. We strive to find
opportunities to reduce our natural resource consumption and to minimize externalities
generated through our operations. Currently, this is undertaken through:
In 2025, Nasdaq acquired transferable tax credits
from a U.S.-based firm specializing in the recovery
of precious metals—specifically platinum, palladium,
and rhodium—from end-of-use automotive catalytic
converters. This initiative delivers environmental
benefits by reducing the demand for newly
extracted materials. Mining is an energy-intensive
process that can result in significant ecological
damage, including the destruction of natural habitats
and water pollution. Recycling these materials
also supports responsible waste management by
diverting hazardous components from landfills.
• tracking commercial water and waste usage and outputs, which have resulted in
conservation initiatives;
• sustainability certifications for commercial buildings in which we lease office space, which
incorporate restrictions around greenfield sites, waste, and recycling; and
• renewable energy procurement and wider emissions reduction activities.
The TNFD is built on the pillars and principles of the TCFD, following the structure of
governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets. Nasdaq has been a TNFD
Forum member since 2022. See our TNFD-aligned risk assessment findings on page 64.
Water
Nasdaq also acquired transferable tax credits
in 2025 from a U.S.-based independent power
producer specializing in the development,
construction, and operation of battery energy
storage projects across North America. The
company serves commercial, industrial, and
utility customers and works in partnership with
landowners, communities, utilities, and investors
to strengthen energy resilience and create longterm value. Battery energy storage systems deliver
significant environmental benefits by enabling
greater integration and operational efficiency of
renewable energy resources, reducing reliance on
fossil fuels, and supporting grid stability. Assets of
this kind play a critical role in the transition to a lowcarbon energy economy.
Nasdaq’s water use occurs in our leased office spaces and data centers, where buildinglevel water infrastructure is owned and operated by our landlords. Nasdaq does not directly
control this infrastructure and does not have a significant impact on water systems as our
water use is limited to basic office building and site services, such as wastewater from
restrooms and kitchens.
We pursue water conservation initiatives that align with Nasdaq’s sustainability goals, which
aim to reduce consumption across all resource categories. This is achieved by obtaining
green certifications that require landlords to install water efficient infrastructure and
reduce wastewater. We also reduce water consumption via sustainable leasing strategies
that reduce reliance on older, less water efficient equipment and by considering factors
in our supply chain and sourcing decisions. Refer to page 75 for data regarding our water
consumption.
GRI 303, GRI 303-1, GRI 303-2
WEF Core 9, WEF Core 10
“These investments deliver measurable financial value while accelerating
the clean energy transition. By directing private capital toward
qualifying clean energy infrastructure, Nasdaq generates meaningful
environmental impact and strengthens long-term shareholder value.”
– Marc Samuel, Vice President, Global Head of Tax, Nasdaq
29
 mpowering Our People,
Powering Our Future
Priority Sustainability Topics:
Human Capital Management and Culture Labor Practices
and Human Rights
“In 2025, Nasdaq received a number of awards for our outstanding culture,
including Glassdoor’s “Top 50 Best-Led Companies” and Eluta’s “Canada Top
100 Employers.” It’s gratifying to receive external recognition for our ongoing
investment in outstanding leadership and the employee experience.”
Related Nasdaq Policies, Practice Statements, and Filings:
Code of Ethics; Human Rights Practices Statement; Occupational
Health and Safety Statement; Modern Slavery Transparency Statement
– Bryan Smith
Chief People Officer, Nasdaq
Culture at Nasdaq
Nasdaq is a global organization, with teams spanning
regions, cultures, and disciplines. Our People Team plays a
central role in fostering fair employment practices, equitable
access to opportunity, and consistent experiences across
our locations. We aim to create an environment where every
employee can contribute meaningfully, grow professionally,
and feel a strong sense of belonging.
We continue to invest in the employee experience across
our global footprint and have dedicated site leaders for each
Nasdaq office to elevate the onsite experience and create
meaningful opportunities for connection, collaboration, and
community. This work is supported by the appointment of a
Head of Office Experience, who leads our global strategy to
ensure our workplaces enable employees to perform at their
best while fostering connection and belonging.
GRI 401, GRI 405, GRI 406
We also introduced interest-based clubs covering topics
including art, writing, sports, and chess across offices to
bring employees together through shared passions and
experiences—further strengthening relationships and
creating organic moments of connection that enhance
engagement, culture, and employee retention.
Our focus on inclusive leadership and culture continues to
be recognized externally. In 2025, Nasdaq was named to
Glassdoor’s Top 50 Best-Led Companies list, reinforcing the
impact of our efforts to cultivate strong leadership and a
positive employee experience globally.
See our Code of Ethics on our Corporate Sustainability
Resource Center for more information on our workforce
policy against discrimination and harassment
Employee Networks
Nasdaq’s Employee Networks play an important
role in strengthening inclusion, connection,
and community across the organization. These
networks bring employees together around
shared professional interests, cultures, and lived
experiences, fostering dialogue, learning, and
collaboration across teams and regions.
relationships that extend beyond their day-today roles and contribute to a more connected
and inclusive culture. Each Employee Network is
sponsored by one or more senior executives and
is open to all employees.
See our full list of Employee Networks on our
Inclusion and Belonging webpage
More than half of our workforce participates
in at least one of our 11 employee networks.
Collectively, these networks host hundreds
of events annually, creating opportunities
for networking, mentorship, professional
development, and community engagement.
Through these activities, employees build
30
Honoring Legacy with Black History Month
Appreciating Global Cultures with APAN
Each year, in honor of Black History Month in February, Nasdaq’s Global
Link of Black Employees (GLOBE), hosts educational and cultural events
to celebrate the achievements and contributions of Black Americans.
In 2025, GLOBE hosted their second annual Employee Network
Symposium, focusing on the theme of African Americans and Labor.
During this keynote event, Nasdaq invited the Blacks at Microsoft
(BAM) employee resource group to join our employees for a full day of
inspirational and informative panels celebrating the Black experience,
concluding in an exciting bell ceremony. For Black History Month in
2026, GLOBE hosted an employee wellness challenge, a volunteering
event with HBCU (Historically Black Colleges & Universities) Heroes to
answer students’ career related questions, and a special Fireside Chat
with Martin Luther King III.
Every year, our Asian Professionals at Nasdaq (APAN) network
spotlights holidays from all over Asia. In 2025, APAN celebrated
over a dozen unique holidays globally and locally, including
Holi, Lunar New Year, Mid-Autumn Festival, and many more. For
Diwali, global offices enjoyed traditional treats and explored the
significance of the Festival of Lights. For Asian American Pacific
Islander Heritage Month, APAN brought employees together
with the theme “A Legacy of Leadership and Resilience,”
offering volunteer events, networking, and webinars led by
Asian leaders sharing their career experiences and cultural
perspectives in finance.
Nasdaq Employee Networks help foster a sense of belonging.
“What energizes me the most about Nasdaq’s culture is really the opportunity to join and be
involved in different employee networks such as the Out Proud Employees of Nasdaq (OPEN),
Veterans@Nasdaq, Nasdaq Accessibility Network, ¡Adelante!, and many, many more.”
— Charles Wang
Sr. Analyst - Advisory, Toronto
Uniting our Workforce with International Women’s Day
Our Women In Nasdaq (WIN) employee network observed
International Women’s Day in 2025 with a Technology Forum on the
theme of Women Breaking Barriers on the Forefront of Innovation.
During this conversation, WIN invited inspiring leaders to speak
about their career journeys, challenges faced, the importance
of women in technology, and how innovation is driving their
businesses. WIN also supported Nasdaq’s purpose by hosting
local volunteer events to create STEAM (Science, Technology,
Engineering, the Arts, and Mathematics) kits for aspiring young
women looking to enter one of these fields.
Parents & Caregivers Network Welcomes Families
to Our Offices
Nasdaq’s workforce is filled with mothers, fathers, aunts, uncles,
grandparents, and others who work hard to support their families.
Each year, our Parents & Caregivers Employee Network hosts Take
Your Children to Work Day in Nasdaq offices around the world to
show appreciation for these individuals and help their children
visualize our workplace. In our New York headquarters, over 75
children and their parents were invited to sessions on topics
including cybersecurity awareness, sustainability, stock market
basics, and exploring new technologies. Similar events were hosted
in our Sydney, Chicago, Boston, Mexico City, Montreal, Pune, St.
John’s, and Toronto offices.
31
Global Workforce
Global Workforce by Gender
Statistics on the composition of our global workforce by gender,
and the composition of our U.S. workforce by gender, race, and
ethnicity, are presented in this section and are also available in
our EEO-1 report on our corporate website.
The chart below represents our global workforce by gender.
Unless otherwise indicated, social data tables in this report
exclude employees of non-wholly owned consolidated
subsidiaries.
Transparency Through Fair Pay
Male
63.3%
Female
36.1%
Undisclosed/ Not Available
0.6%
Total Number of Employees1
9,525
Nasdaq is committed to fair pay for all people in our workforce.
That commitment is embedded within our multifaceted
compensation program. As part of that program:
• We review salaries upon hire, promotion, and for role changes,
whenever those actions occur.
• We have an annual process to run a regression analysis on
employees in similar roles performing similar work to assess
employee base pay and total compensation (base + bonus +
equity).
1 Total includes employees of non-wholly owned consolidated subsidiaries excluded from percentage calculations.
U.S. Workforce by Race/Ethnicity
The chart below only includes demographics for the United States.
• When appropriate, we take action based on these systems
and annual process.
White
61.6%
Asian
18.0%
“At Nasdaq, you can speak your mind,
Black
6.9%
ask questions, and share ideas. It’s a
Hispanic
5.7%
Pacific Islander
0.2%
culture that promotes creativity and
Native American
0.1%
everyone to feel heard and appreciated.”
Two or More
2.2%
– Chrislee St. Luc
Sr. Analyst – B
­ usiness Development, Atlanta
Undisclosed
5.3%
“What energizes me the most about Nasdaq’s
culture is the fact that there is a space for
GRI 2-7, GRI 202-1, GRI 405-1, GRI 405-2
SASB TC-SI-330a.3
WEF Core 11, WEF Core 12
cooperation.”
– Louise Ramstedt
Principal – Business Analysis, Stockholm
Note: The U.S. reporting on Race and Ethnicity follows the U.S. Department of Labor’s EEO-1 reporting standards. The
races and ethnicities reported are American Indian or Alaska Native, Asian, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latino,
Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, Two or More Races, and White
32
Empowering Workforce Success
Nasdaq’s long term success depends on attracting, developing, and
retaining talented employees who are equipped to grow along with the
business. Through our employee development programs, we offer learning,
mentoring, team-building, and leadership development programs that
build highly capable, inclusive managers who strengthen connection,
accountability, and trust across the organization.
We take a holistic approach to workforce development, integrating
learning, leadership, and wellbeing throughout the employee lifecycle. In
parallel with professional development investments, all employees and
their families have access to confidential, personalized, free mental health
and wellbeing support.
Career Development and Training
Nasdaq offers in-person and online employee development courses
including broadly applicable skills, job-specific skills, internal career
networking programs, team-building, and one-on-one mentoring. In 2025,
the Career Development team prioritized:
• Building future ready skills is critical to a financial technology
organization, including technical, financial, and using AI. Many of our
training programs are built and delivered in-house, but we also leverage
online learning providers, select academic institutions, professional
associations, and technology leaders.
• Strengthening leadership and inclusive management practices through
a comprehensive curriculum customized for leaders at different career
levels, from new managers to senior executives.
• Supporting career growth across key transitions, from onboarding and
early career development to people leadership readiness, grounded on
a career framework that defines the skills and competencies required at
each career level for each career family.
These efforts are designed to enhance internal mobility, deepen leadership
capacity, and prepare employees to meet the evolving needs of our global
organization.
Leadership and Management Training
Nasdaq’s leadership development framework integrates leadership
excellence into the One Nasdaq culture, and develops managers across
all levels with scalable, consistent practices. The program helps build
enterprise wide thinking, collaboration, and agility, while supporting
employee engagement, retention, and organizational performance.
Through structured learning experiences, integrated leadership pathways,
and a consistent focus on culture and accountability, Nasdaq supports
long-term responsible growth across the organization. Elements of the
framework include our LEAD High Potential program, the AMP (Accelerating
Manager Potential) program, and the LEAD Lens program for executive
management development.
Nasdaq’s LEAD High Potential Leadership Development Program is an
enterprise-wide initiative aimed at building a strong leadership pipeline
for long-term succession. Targeted at Directors, Senior Directors, and
Associate VPs who demonstrate high performance and high potential, LEAD
builds strategic business skills, collaboration, innovation, and Nasdaqspecific leadership through virtual masterclasses, executive engagement,
action-learning projects, and alumni development. Each year, approximately
90 emerging leaders are chosen from around the Nasdaq world based
on performance, talent reviews, and demonstration of our organizational
values to promote consistent leadership standards and support internal
talent growth.
AI Upskilling
Nasdaq invests in building AI literacy and responsible adoption
across its workforce through structured training, role based
learning, and practical enablement. Employees receive education on
generative AI concepts, approved tools, and responsible use through
enterprise learning programs delivered via Workday, live workshops,
and self paced courses, including training on Nasdaq’s internal GenAI
Platform and productivity tools such as Microsoft 365 Copilot and
GitHub Copilot. To support deeper adoption, Nasdaq deploys role
specific learning paths, in-person onboarding sessions for GenAI
agents, and an internal AI Champions community that helps surface
practical use cases and share best practices across functions. All
AI training is centrally tracked to support compliance and workforce
readiness, reinforcing Nasdaq’s commitment to responsible
innovation, employee upskilling, and the thoughtful integration of AI
into daily work.
The table below highlights the average number of voluntary and mandatory
training hours for Nasdaq’s workforce.
Workforce Training
Average number of training hours per person per year
20.4
Average amount per person spent on training
$320
Total annual training hours (approximate)
Contractors that participate in required training
210,500
818
Visit Nasdaq’s Careers webpage to learn more
GRI 404, GRI 404-1, GRI 404-2
WEF Core 16
33
Accelerating Manager Potential (AMP)
Introduced in 2025, the AMP program is Nasdaq’s company-wide manager
effectiveness initiative designed to strengthen leadership capability, reinforce a shared
culture, and support long term employee engagement. AMP focuses on building people
manager skills across the organization, with emphasis on managing results, people,
and processes. Developed and delivered by the Nasdaq People Team, AMP combines
live training, practical application, and ongoing peer connection to help managers lead
with clarity, accountability, and empathy in a dynamic global environment. In 2025, nearly 50% of our
managers attended the program.
Key Program Elements
• Core Manager Skills Training: Live interactive in-person and virtual sessions focused on goal setting,
coaching, feedback, and team effectiveness.
• People Development & Coaching: Emphasis on career conversations, mentorship, psychological
safety, and regular feedback to support employee growth.
• Manager Accountability: Introduction of an Employee to Manager survey to provide manager
feedback from their employees that reinforce expectations and sustain behavior change over time.
• AMP Alumni Connect: Peer led alumni circles that provide ongoing opportunities for managers to
practice skills, share challenges, and build global communities of practice.
Performance Management
Nasdaq’s Performance Management program enhances employee job
performance and professional development. In collaboration with their
manager, each employee creates and records individual performance
objectives for the year along with a professional development plan. In
addition to providing mechanisms for ongoing feedback throughout the year,
managers informally assess their employees during the mid-year period
and complete a formal performance review with personalized comments
at year-end. Managers incorporate a multi-dimensional review process of
getting feedback on an employee’s performance from peers, direct reports,
or others who interact with them regularly.
The objective-setting and performance review process aims to ensure
that each employee clearly understands how their work contributes to
their respective business area and overall Company goals and meets their
manager’s expectations. The review helps each employee and manager
understand the knowledge and skills they must acquire or improve to grow
in their present job and understand the employee’s career aspirations for
future career growth at Nasdaq.
Through AMP, Nasdaq demonstrates its commitment to human capital development, inclusive leadership,
and long term workforce sustainability. By investing in managers as culture carriers and people
developers, the program supports employee engagement, capability building, and responsible growth.
in 2025
“The content on coaching and delegation provided actionable insights,
giving me perspectives and tools that I as a manager can use directly in my
interactions with the team.”
99%
of employees received a
performance review*
* Percentage is rounded to the nearest whole number. Calculation includes
full-time, regular employees hired prior to October 1, 2025.
– AMP Participant, Stockholm, Sweden
GRI 404-2, GRI 404-3
34
Building a Future-Ready Workforce
At Nasdaq, being future-ready starts with our people. We are intentional
about building a workforce that reflects the markets and communities we
serve—high-performing, adaptable, and connected by a shared sense of
purpose. Attracting and retaining top talent remains central to our long-term
success, and we continue to refine our outreach, recruitment, and hiring
strategies to meet evolving workforce needs while strengthening our culture
of inclusion and belonging.
Our ability to attract and retain exceptional talent globally is a cornerstone
of Nasdaq’s long-term value creation. Through strategic partnerships and
community engagement, we continue to broaden access to opportunity
while strengthening our employer brand in key markets. In 2025, we
expanded our external talent community by over 13,000 prospective
candidates, which increases our capability to attract high-quality talent and
build a dynamic workforce positioned for long-term growth. Our growing
talent community serves as a critical foundation for workforce planning,
enabling us to build sustained relationships with prospective candidates
and improve readiness for future hiring needs. In 2025, we maintained our
proactive approach to expanding our talent pipeline. For example, through
our partnership with Women in Tech, we connect with highly qualified
candidates earlier in their careers while reinforcing Nasdaq’s presence and
commitment within science, technology, engineering, and mathematics
(STEM) communities.
These efforts are complemented by internal investments in workplace
experience and connection—bringing together talent strategy, onsite
leadership, and employee engagement to create environments where people
feel supported, empowered, and connected to Nasdaq’s mission. These
initiatives reflect our commitment to shaping a future-ready workforce—one
that is inclusive, resilient, and equipped to help power economic opportunity
and sustainable growth for years to come.
Employee Turnover
Number
Rate
Total Workforce – employee turnover
(voluntary attrition)
524
5.6%
Total Workforce – new hires
1,259
Our engagement scores demonstrate Nasdaq’s high level of employee
engagement, placing us in the top 10% of our industry, and we regularly
review our initiatives to identify opportunities to improve. In our employee
engagement survey, we encourage free-form responses allowing employees
to provide more context to the score they select for each question. These
comments are reviewed, aggregated, and shared (anonymously) where
applicable. The results of the employee engagement survey, including key
learnings and insights, are presented to the global workforce. These results
are vital as they provide an understanding of how our employees perceive
their work environment, Company culture, and management. By pinpointing
areas of concern, leadership can formulate targeted strategies to address
these issues. These measurements help ensure that any implemented
changes are effective and advantageous for overall business performance.
Results from our 2025 engagement survey include:
95%
Employee Engagement and Satisfaction
We engage with our workforce throughout the year, ensuring timely
notification of significant operational changes to maintain employee
satisfaction and support our culture and engagement strategy. As part
of this ongoing engagement, Nasdaq conducts anonymous employee
sentiment surveys twice a year. Prior to distributing these surveys, the
People Team hosts information sessions to prepare employees and help
them understand the survey’s purpose and participation process. The
Strategic Talent Management team has operational responsibility for
ensuring the surveys are conducted and the results are collected and
disseminated appropriately.
of employees responded to the
semi-annual employee survey in 2025*
88%
92%
86%
85%
81%
are proud to work
for Nasdaq
feel their manager
genuinely cares about
their wellbeing
Culture of Belonging
score
would recommend
Nasdaq as a great
place to work
understand
Nasdaq’s purpose
overall
engagement score
(average of “I feel I belong at
Nasdaq”, “When I offer my ideas,
I feel I am heard,” and “I feel
respected at Nasdaq”)
*March and September 2025 Employee Surveys (average)
GRI 401-1, GRI 402, GRI 402-1
SASB TC-SI-330a.2
35
Promoting Health and Wellbeing —
­ 2025 Employee Benefits
Prioritize Your Health
• Health care, such as medical, dental,
vision coverage, and flexible spending
accounts
• Risk insurances, such as short-term
disability, long-term disability, and life
insurance
• Hybrid work schedules
• Flex days for employees to
care for their mental health
and wellbeing
• Paid time off for full and part-time
employees including sick leave,
vacation, and personal days
At Nasdaq, we understand the impact health and wellbeing
has on productivity and employee engagement. We also
recognize the important role that our leaders play in
creating a culture of wellbeing and belonging. In 2025
we offered a holistic suite of programs, benefits, and
resources, known as You&Q, to meet our employees where
they are – in their lives and career journeys. We began
collaborating with Lyra, a global workforce mental health
care provider, to offer employees and their immediate
family confidential, personalized, and complimentary
mental health support for both their personal and
professional lives. From our May Lyra launch through the
end of 2025, over 1,600 employees participated in Lyra
educational sessions.
• Preventative care programs, such as
Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for
wellbeing and mental health
• Access to virtual fitness programs and
on-site fitness classes or facilities
• Stress management training and access
to a sleep improvement program
Care for Your Family
• Globally, the Company meets or
exceeds the local statutory maternity,
paternity, parental, and family caregiver
leave requirements
• U.S. paid parental leave for employees
scheduled to work 20+ hours per week
(12 weeks for birth, non-birth parents
and adoptive parents, plus an additional
eight weeks of disability leave for birth
parent to recover from childbirth)
• Canada Employment Insurance/ Quebec
Parental Insurance Plan top-up to weekly
pay (26 weeks) for parental leave and
top-up to weekly pay (up to 17 weeks) for
compassionate care leave for employees
scheduled to work 20+ hours per week
• Subsidies for regular, emergency, and
back-up family care (children and elders)
• Paid bereavement leave following the loss
of a loved one, family member, or friend
• Fertility coverage and adoption/
surrogacy assistance
Build Your Wealth
• Employee stock purchase plan
• Student loan program (U.S.)
• Retirement plans*
Connect with Your Community
• Employee networks
• Charitable matching program
• Paid time off to volunteer
Grow Your Career
• Tuition reimbursement for academic
degree-granting programs
• Robust learning opportunities
* U.S. specific defined contribution retirement plan
with no waiting period for employees who are regularly
scheduled to work at least 20 hours per week, with
a Company match of 100% up to a 6% contribution
by the employee. Outside the U.S., the Company
meets or exceeds the local statutory retirement plan
requirements.
• Dedicated lactation on-site facilities
and breast milk shipping (U.S.)
• Pet insurance (U.S.)
“At Nasdaq, opportunities for skill enhancement and progress have been unmatched, with empowerment and
decision-making encouraged, all while maintaining a healthy work-life balance. Proud to be part of Nasdaq.”
– Shakthi Kumar
Director – ­Systems Operations, Bangalore
GRI 201-3, GRI 401-2
36
Occupational Health and Safety
Nasdaq is committed to providing our employees, contractors, and office visitors with a
healthy and safe work environment. We implement programs that address potential hazards
for our employees, such as workstation modifications to address ergonomic issues and
emergency preparedness as per local jurisdictional requirements. All Nasdaq employees,
contractors, and visitors are expected to adhere to proper operating practices designed to
prevent injuries and illnesses. All sensitive employee and contractor health-related information
is held confidentially within the benefits department. We also expect our suppliers to provide
a safe and healthy work environment for their employees and contractors, as stated in our
Supplier Code of Ethics. We expect them to abide by local laws and provide a safe work
environment that supports and maintains relevant programs for accident prevention and
minimizing exposure to health risks.
Providing a Safe and Healthy Work Environment
Work-related accidents for employees and contractors
2
Promoting Engagement – Town Halls
Days lost to work-related ill-health, injuries, and accidents
To promote engagement and enhance open communication
between employees and leadership, Nasdaq conducts frequent
town hall meetings led by our CEO, division/expert functions,
and our local Site Leaders. These hybrid meetings are structured
to inspire, inform, and engage employees, with Q&A sessions
to facilitate interaction. Nasdaq’s People Team also conducts
quarterly “Ask Me Anything” sessions to offer a forum for
employees to ask anything related to human resource policies,
programs, new initiatives, and more.
Fatalities from work-related ill-health, injuries, and accidents
1,2
1 Includes contractors with direct contracted agreement with Nasdaq.
2 Two minor work-related accidents related to slip and falls that did not result in lost work time.
2025 World Mental
Health Day Celebration
In celebration of World Mental Health Day,
global sites hosted a Mental Health Pledge
initiative during Fika Hour—our weekly
onsite gatherings inspired by our Swedish
colleagues. Employees made personal
pledges for self-care, peer support, and
wellbeing, displayed on physical pledge
walls to foster open dialogue and a culture
of psychological safety. We encouraged
participation in a digital detox hour to
unplug and recharge, reinforcing healthy
boundaries and rest. Employees were
reminded of available wellbeing resources,
with encouragement to seek support. These
efforts increased awareness, engagement,
and normalization of mental health
conversations, reinforcing our ongoing
commitment to global employee wellbeing.
For more information, see our Commitment to Occupational Health and Safety statement on our
See our Supplier Code of Ethics on our Corporate Sustainability Resource Center for more
information on health and safety expectations for our suppliers
“I think Nasdaq is great when it comes to sharing responsibility, sharing
resources, and making everyone feel part of something bigger.”
GRI 403, GRI 403-1, GRI 403-6, GRI 403-8, GRI 403-9, GRI 403-10
WEF Core 15
– Per Fröling
Sr. Director – P
­ roject Management, Stockholm
37
 ngaging with Our Communities
“Rooted in our commitment to economic opportunity, we invested more than
$7 million in initiatives that strengthen financial confidence, widen pathways
to capital, and support meaningful participation in the markets. Through
research‑driven insights and deep collaboration with our partners, we are
turning purpose into progress, connecting people, innovation, and market
expertise to expand participation across the financial ecosystem.”
Priority Sustainability Topics:
Community Engagement Support for Small- and
Medium-Sized Enterprises
– Jailan Griffiths
Vice President and Global Head of Purpose, Nasdaq
Nasdaq Purpose
Nasdaq’s Purpose to empower economic opportunity
encompasses our philanthropic, community outreach,
entrepreneurial support, and employee volunteerism
programs, all designed to leverage our unique place at
the center of capital creation, markets, and technology as
well as drive stronger economies and contribute to a more
sustainable world.
We empower economic opportunity:
Because opportunity doesn’t just shape today –
it creates tomorrow
GRI 413, GRI 413-1, GRI 413-2
Economic Opportunity Summit: Driving Purposeful Growth
Purpose@Work
We are committed to creating lasting, positive change within
Nasdaq and communities around the world. Our employees
take pride in being active in our communities. Through our
Purpose@Work Corporate Responsibility Program, we have
committed to supporting the communities in which we live
and work by providing eligible full and part-time employees
with two paid days off per year to volunteer. We also
match charitable donations of all Nasdaq employees and
contractors up to $1,000, or more in certain circumstances,
per calendar year. In 2025, Nasdaq employees contributed
over $580,000, including donations and matches, supporting
more than 800 charities worldwide. Nasdaq employees
also volunteered over 7,000 hours in 2025, supporting
organizations all over the globe.
Nasdaq hosted its third annual Economic Opportunity Summit, focusing
on the theme “Driving Purposeful Growth.” The Summit convened
industry leaders, researchers, and change-makers to explore how we
can expand access to opportunity, revitalize communities, and build a
more prosperous future for all.
Learn more about Nasdaq’s Purpose@Work program
38
Sharing Our Purpose: Content and Resources
The Nasdaq Foundation
The Nasdaq Purpose Content & Resources Hub furthers our
Purpose through a comprehensive content and storytelling
strategy. Additionally, Nasdaq promotes the importance of
financial literacy and maintaining healthy financial habits
through featured News & Insights: Nasdaq.com Smart
Investing Hub and Nasdaq TradeTalks.
The Nasdaq Foundation strives to empower communities
by transforming investor engagement and fostering
opportunities that broaden access to resources and enable
communities to share in the wealth that markets create.
During 2025, the Nasdaq Foundation provided grants to 20
organizations that share that mission. These grants were
awarded to, among others:
Learn more about Nasdaq’s Purpose and view our 2025
Impact Report
• Restore NYC, whose entrepreneurship services support
survivors of trafficking in exploring business ownership as
a pathway to economic independence;
• The Center on Rural Innovation, which will help rural
entrepreneurs build, test, and implement AI-driven
solutions for their startups; and
• Project Equity, whose initiative works to expand employee
ownership in Atlanta, GA, and Birmingham, AL, offering
under-resourced communities increased opportunities for
wealth creation.
Nasdaq Month of Impact
During April 2025, Nasdaq held its inaugural Nasdaq
Month of Impact: Empowering Purpose, Strengthening
Communities. As part of our commitment to driving
economic progress, Nasdaq’s Month of Impact is our way
of celebrating and observing Financial Literacy Awareness
Month and Global Volunteer Month. Combining the core
focus areas of enhancing financial literacy and promoting
global volunteerism enables Nasdaq to create a more
significant and positive impact within our communities.
In 2025, the Nasdaq Foundation continued to build on its
commitment to cultivate investor identity by introducing
“The Investment Quest,” a five-part video series for firsttime investors. In collaboration with the Singleton Foundation
and Million Stories, each episode features personal stories
from beginner investors, exploring key aspects of investor
identity such as belonging and confidence, as identified by
Commonwealth’s “Transforming Investor Identity” research.
Learn more about the Nasdaq Foundation
Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center
The Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center (the Center) is an
independent nonprofit established more than a decade
ago with the support of the Nasdaq Foundation. Nasdaq
continues to provide financial support to help the Center
improve access and knowledge in entrepreneurship. The
Center provides free education for entrepreneurs and
translates their needs into actionable data shared with
policymakers and entrepreneurial support organizations to
foster more opportunities worldwide.
In 2025, the Center had 58 participants
accelerate through the Milestone Makers
UN SDG-focused program. Learn more
about the founders from the 2025
Milestone Makers cohorts and beyond.
The Center is committed to advancing sustainability
education for entrepreneurs worldwide. In 2025, the Center
delivered sustainability-related education programs to
more than 330 entrepreneurs and has plans for further
expansion over the next five years. Additionally, the
Center supports UN SDG-focused entrepreneurs through
its Milestone Makers program, offering personalized
mentoring, coaching, and resources to assist founders in
achieving significant company growth milestones. In 2025,
the Center delivered over 16,000 founder touchpoints
across over 100 countries, including emerging economies.
Learn more about the Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center
For more information about Nasdaq Foundation’s
community initiatives and partnerships, please see
the Nasdaq Foundation 2025 Annual Report.
GRI 413, GRI 413-1, GRI 413-2
SDG 8
“By providing world-class,
accessible mentorship, the
Center empowers leaders to
accelerate growth, master
the capital landscape, and
architect the ultimate exit,
from landmark IPOs to
strategic acquisitions.”
– Jack Cassel, SVP and Head of Listings
for Western U.S., Nasdaq
The Center’s IPO Bootcamp offers an
exclusive, half-day program designed to
equip founders, CFOs, and executives
for the complexities of taking a company
public. In 2025, participants received
guidance from Nasdaq leaders with
IPO experience, enhancing their
knowledge of SEC regulations, financial
reporting, and investor expectations.
The program enabled attendees to
develop comprehensive IPO strategies
and provided valuable opportunities to
network with peers and professionals
shaping the future of the public markets.
39
P
 artnering with Clients
to Drive Value
“Connecting capital to opportunity has always been at the heart of what we do
in Nasdaq’s Capital Access Platforms division. In today’s dynamic environment,
we’re focused on embracing innovation, harnessing the power of technology, and
working side by side with our clients to help them succeed. Ultimately, it’s about
removing complexity and empowering the clients we serve to drive value and
achieve meaningful results.”
Innovation and Technology Sustainability-Related Products and Services
– Nelson Griggs
President, Capital Access Platforms, Nasdaq
At the center of the capital markets and technology, Nasdaq is uniquely
positioned to empower corporates, investors, and financial institutions
with strategic solutions designed to help them achieve their objectives.
In 2025, Nasdaq supported its corporate, investor, and financial services
clients across three foundational pillars:
• Increasing Capital to Drive Innovation: Nasdaq helped companies
access and raise new capital through its primary exchange listings.
We operated Nasdaq Sustainable Debt Market and partnered with our
clients to offer dedicated indexes that tracked innovative companies
across the sustainability ecosystem.
• Enhancing Disclosure and Transparency: We provided robust services
like Nasdaq Metrio, Nasdaq Lens, AxiomSL, and Sustainability &
Climate Advisory services for best-practice sustainability programs,
data-driven insights, and regulatory reporting.
• Scaling New Market and Infrastructure Solutions: Our innovative
technology digitized carbon credits, managed efficient and transparent
trading, issuance, settlement, and custody of carbon credits, and we
are a majority owner in Puro.earth, a global carbon removal platform.
Corporates
Delivered solutions to enhance
the management and disclosure of
sustainability and climate data
Investors
Provided data, analytics, insights, and tools
for allocators and managers to identify and
execute sustainable investing strategies
Provided strategic guidance on climate,
materiality, and sustainability reporting
Benchmarked and assessed gaps of
sustainability programs
Financial
Institutions
Developed technology
for carbon registry,
market modernization,
regulatory reporting,
and combatting fraud
and money laundering
Enabled access to capital
for companies, from mega to
micro-cap issuers
How We Partnered with Clients to Help Them
Achieve Their Sustainability Objectives in 2025
40
How We Partnered with Clients to Help Them Achieve Their Sustainability Objectives in 2025
Sustainability & Climate Advisory
Nasdaq MetrioTM
Nasdaq Lens™
Governance Solutions
Nasdaq’s Sustainability & Climate Advisory services
helped companies analyze, assess, and action
best practices as it related to their sustainability
programs. Services included sustainability strategy
development, GHG measurement, and sustainability
reporting guidance for public and private companies.
Nasdaq Metrio is a sustainability reporting platform
that helps organizations collect, validate, and report
sustainability- and climate-related data. Powered
by advanced automation and built around global
regulatory frameworks, Metrio gives teams the
tools they need to transform complex sustainability
data into audit ready disclosures. In 2025, Metrio
embedded Sustainability & Climate Advisory services
and a global customer community directly into the
platform to help provide regulatory guidance and
expert support.
Nasdaq Lens is an AI-powered platform designed
specifically for finance, legal, sustainability, and risk
professionals. In 2025 it helped transform manual
research, benchmarking, and disclosure drafting—
keeping organizations aligned, compliant, and efficient.
Nasdaq Governance Solutions provided an ecosystem of
technologies, advisory services, and a global community
designed to accelerate board effectiveness. This includes
Nasdaq Boardvantage®, a board management software
that empowers efficiency and decision-making for board
members and governance teams though integrated
technologies, AI-powered workflows, and insights.
Expanded Nasdaq Metrio’s regulatory
reporting capabilities to deliver Corporate
Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD)
workflows aligned to the European
Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS)
Launched Filings Analytics module to enable
clients to leverage AI to draft disclosures and
stay up to date with the latest financial peer
and market filings
 aunched a team to support clients with
L
advanced climate strategy, GHG accounting,
and decarbonization needs
SDG 12
Launched Workspace module to enable
clients to leverage Al and customization to
assess alignment with frameworks, identify
disclosure gaps, generate drafts, and respond
to stakeholder questions
Delivered AI-powered workflows in Nasdaq
Boardvantage, saving time for directors and
governance teams
Received G2’s “Best Collaboration &
Productivity Software” award
Enhanced carbon accounting functionality to
provide full coverage of all 15 GHG Protocol
Scope 3 categories
Recognized by Verdantix as a leader in ESG &
Sustainability Reporting Software
In 2025, Nasdaq hosted its third, annual New York
Climate Week Forum in partnership with A4S
“Since implementing Nasdaq Lens we’ve
significantly strengthened our regulatory
reporting readiness. The platform delivered
immediate value through its AI-powered gap
assessment and streamlined our targeted
analysis and benchmarking efforts—saving
our team substantial time and resources.
It eliminates complexity and guesswork,
empowering companies to meet new regulatory
requirements with confidence and efficiency.”
– Head of Sustainability, Nasdaq Lens Client
SDG 12
41
Puro.earth
ESG Indexes
Nasdaq eVestmentTM
Green Equity Designations2
Puro.earth is a carbon crediting platform for durable
Carbon Dioxide Removals (CDR). Puro.earth’s
high-integrity carbon removals, the CO2 Removal
Certificate (CORC), provided companies and
investors access to verified carbon removal credits
to complement their decarbonization strategies with
tools to neutralize residual emissions. Puro.earth is
approved by ICVCM as an Eligible Carbon Crediting
Programme and is endorsed by the ICROA.
The OMX Stockholm 30 Environmental, Social,
Governance (ESG) Responsible Index (OMXS30ESG),
launched in 2018, was the first ESG version of an
exchange benchmark. ESG index futures contracts
were listed later that year. The OMXS30ESG is an
ESG responsible version of the OMX Stockholm 30
Index, which is the leading share index on Nasdaq
Stockholm. Nasdaq developed and licensed a
variety of indexes that encompass global, regional,
and thematic objectives with added ESG selection
criteria. ESG criteria included screens for risk-based
exclusions such as product involvement, positive
alignment to sustainability goals, and normative
alignment to good governance principles such as the
UN Global Compact compliance. The Nasdaq-100
ESG Index (NDXESG), introduced in 2021, measures
the performance of the companies in the Nasdaq-100
Index that meet specific ESG criteria. Companies are
evaluated and weighted on the basis of their business
activities, controversies, and ESG Risk Ratings.
Sustainability Data in Asset Management
Nasdaq Green Equity Designations enables visibility
and transparency for investors on the Nordic markets
with four voluntary designations: Nasdaq Green
Equity Designation, Nasdaq Green Equity Transition
Designation, Nasdaq Green Equity Designation
– Private Company, and Nasdaq Green Equity
Transition Designation – Private Company. In 2023,
the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) launched
its classification standard for Green Equity with
reference to the existing model from Nasdaq’s Green
Equity Designation, highlighting the importance
in helping investors assess companies that are
generating revenue from products and services that
contribute to positive environmental outcomes.
Reached 657K CO2 Removal Certificates
issued on behalf of suppliers, up 62%
from 2024
404 registered facilities on the platform,
up 70% year-over-year
Total retirement of CO2 Removal Certificates
was 415K, up 112% year-over-year
Issuance in 22 countries during 2025
Nasdaq eVestment is Nasdaq’s institutional
investment database and analytics platform. In
collaboration with consultants, asset managers, asset
owners, and key industry organizations, eVestment
provides a centralized resource to help meet the
increasing demand for transparent and standardized
sustainability data from institutional stakeholders. In
2025, data was collected from asset managers at
both company and investment strategy levels.
Launched the Nasdaq Clean Edge Green
Energy Exclusions Index (CELSE), which is
tracked by the First Trust Nasdaq Clean Edge
Green Energy UCITS ETF
Enhanced analytics for deeper portfolio
transparency and improved risk assessment
Delivered AI-ready datasets for scalable
analysis and streamlined sustainability insights
Nasdaq Data Link – Sustainability Data
Nasdaq Data Link offers investors and other
stakeholders easy access to a range of
comprehensive sustainability data sets from Nasdaq
and Nasdaq Data Link partners. In 2025, the platform
enabled users to find data sets relevant to specific
SDGs, as well as sustainability and climate. This
broad array of data provided investors with visibility
on the sustainability impacts of their investments.
Puro.earth has 109 certified projects from 22
countries and issued 657,000 CORCs in 2025, and
1.55M CORCs since inception. It has supported
the removal of 1.55 million metric tons of CO2 from
the atmosphere.
2 Green Equity Designations are only available on Nasdaq Nordic stock exchanges.
42
Nasdaq Sustainable Debt Market
Nasdaq Sustainable Bond Network
The Nasdaq Sustainable Debt Market (NSDM) lists green, social,
sustainability and sustainability-linked bonds, structured products, and
commercial papers, and is designed to highlight sustainable investment
opportunities to investors with a green, social, or sustainable investment
focus. It is open to securities that meet our listing criteria, which are based
on the EU Green Bond Standard, the Green and Social Bond Principles, as
well as the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles, for which the International
Capital Markets Association (ICMA) acts as a secretariat.
The Nasdaq Sustainable Bond Network (NSBN) is a global platform that
aims to increase transparency for environmental, social, and sustainable
bonds. In 2025, it connected issuers of sustainable bonds with investors,
empowering them to evaluate impact and make informed investment
decisions on sustainable bonds. Investors used the platform to evaluate,
track, and create impact reports based on issuers’ ESG bond reporting. The
database simplifies sustainable investing with an easy-to-use solution that
allows investors to discover, compile, and compare sustainable bonds as
well as generate impact reports. The platform also provided issuer-level
information on UN SDGs allocation as well as EU Taxonomy.
> €88 billion of total listed outstanding sustainable debt volume,
up 21% from 2024
> 725 listed sustainable debt instruments, up 10% from 2024
175 issuers listed, up 11% from 2024
> 2,200 total issuers, up 18% from 2024
> 24,000 bonds listed, up 35% from 2024
43
How We Partnered with Clients to Enable Positive Outcomes in 20253
Capital Markets Technology
We aim to drive positive outcomes through the broader
economic and societal impact of our solutions and services
—supporting business growth, addressing financial crime,
and strengthening market resilience worldwide.
Nasdaq’s Financial Technology division delivered
mission‑critical capital markets and regulatory technology
solutions to the financial services industry. As a scaled
platform partner, we combined deep industry expertise with
advanced technology to help banks, brokers, regulators,
market operators, and buy‑side firms address complex
operational challenges and advance industry modernization.
Our multi‑asset capital markets solutions span the full
transaction lifecycle, which enabled financial institutions
to improve efficiency, reduce complexity, and scale
growth. Our regulatory reporting solutions supported
compliance with evolving global requirements, while our
market surveillance and financial crime technologies helped
protect the integrity of the global financial system. Built on
cloud‑ready technology, our platforms supported more agile,
scalable, and energy‑efficient operations, helping clients
reduce environmental impact while enhancing resilience and
innovation.
“Innovative technology, deployed responsibly, has
the power to strengthen the foundations of global
finance. Nasdaq is at the forefront of that mission,
delivering the capital markets infrastructure,
regulatory solutions, and financial crime platforms
that institutions depend on to operate with
confidence and integrity. As markets evolve and
complexity grows, our commitment remains
constant: to be the trusted partner that helps our
clients modernize, scale, and drive meaningful
outcomes for the economies and communities
they serve.”
Technology underpins resilient, transparent, and
inclusive capital markets. Nasdaq’s Capital Markets
Technology business delivered mission critical
infrastructure that powers exchanges, clearinghouses,
central securities depositories (CSDs), central banks,
and financial institutions across the full trade lifecycle.
Drawing on Nasdaq’s experience as a regulated
market operator, our deeply embedded platforms
enabled front to back integration across trading,
risk, collateral, clearing, settlement, and post trade
processing—helping market participants reduce
complexity, strengthen resilience, and scale safely.
Through modern, standards based and interoperable
infrastructure, we supported the efficient functioning
of markets and advanced sustainable economic
growth.
– Tal Cohen,
President, Nasdaq
Complementing our technology platforms, Nasdaq’s listing
venues—including Nasdaq U.S. Listings, Nasdaq Main
Market, and Nasdaq First North Growth Market—supported
companies at every stage of growth, fostering resilient,
transparent, and inclusive capital markets.
3 The solutions and services described in this section are not categorized as sustainability products and services for financial reporting.
Nasdaq Tech Spotlight: Abu Dhabi Exchange
Advanced our partnership with AWS to deliver
cloud-based infrastructure, supporting market
modernization
Recognized for “Post‑Trade System of the
Year 2025” at the Futures & Options World
International Awards for Nasdaq CSD and
clearing technology
Industry recognition for the application of AI in
capital markets, including awards for Nasdaq
Calypso and AxiomSL that acknowledge the
use of AI across post‑trade processing, risk
analytics, and regulatory workflows to improve
operational efficiency and resilience
“Our relationship with Nasdaq spans
nearly two decades, beginning in 2007
and continuing through some of the most
challenging periods in Iraq’s modern history.
Throughout this journey, Nasdaq has played
a dual and indispensable role—supporting
us by delivering the technological backbone
that powers our market today and by acting
as a trusted strategic ally helping us build the
market of tomorrow.”
– Chairman, Stock Exchange, Nasdaq Eqlipse
Central Securities Depository (CSD) client
SDG 9
44
Regulatory Technology
Financial Crime Management Technology
In 2025, Nasdaq’s Regulatory Technology solutions helped financial institutions
and regulators uphold market integrity, manage risk, and comply with evolving
regulatory requirements across global markets. Designed for use in highly
regulated environments, our platforms supported consistent, transparent, and
resilient oversight of market activity.
Financial crime is a complex, global challenge that erodes the integrity of
the financial system and has deep impacts on society and the communities
we serve. Nasdaq Verafin leveraged the latest innovations, including AI
advancements, consortium analytics, and cloud technology, to protect the
wider financial ecosystem by helping institutions more effectively fight
financial crime. Financial institutions representing nearly $12 trillion in
collective assets leveraged Nasdaq Verafin’s solutions to help prevent fraud
and uncover money laundering.
Our integrated platforms span regulatory reporting, financial risk
management, and market and trade surveillance, bringing multijurisdictional
requirements together within a common, standards‑based architecture.
By harmonizing complex global and local regulations into governed,
repeatable workflows, we helped firms reduce fragmentation, improve
data transparency, and strengthen control across liquidity, capital, credit,
and transaction reporting. Built on modern, cloud‑ready technology, our
solutions enabled scalable, automated regulatory operations, supporting
efficient compliance and risk management at scale while reinforcing trust in
the global financial system.
Selected by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission
(CFTC) to modernize market oversight through automated alerts and
cross‑market analytics across traditional and digital asset classes
Recognized leadership in “Chartis RiskTech100 for Regulatory
Reporting: Markets and Securities and Trade Surveillance in Equities”
validating leadership in scalable and transparent regulatory oversight
Became a Foundation Member of the Global Anti-Scam Alliance
(GASA), supporting global efforts against scams and financial crime
Introduced Agentic AI Workforce to automate high-volume antimoney laundering compliance tasks for banks
“The team is wonderful to work with. They supported us through the
integrations seamlessly, and if we had questions, they were always there. So
far, we’ve realized a 30% decrease in false positive alerts and a 25% increase
in prevented losses.”
– Fraud Manager, Nasdaq Verafin client
Expanded use of AI in regulatory reporting, improving data quality,
explainability, transparency, and traceability in support of responsible
SDG 10
“In today’s interconnected world, the
financial sector plays a pivotal role in
ensuring economic stability and growth.
However, the industry faces significant
challenges as it confronts a financial
crime epidemic that threatens the
integrity of the financial system. Nasdaq
Verafin empowers financial institutions
with advanced tools and expertise to
combat fraud and money laundering.
Our focus on AI innovation and industry
collaboration helps us remain a trusted
partner in the fight against financial
crime.”
– Stephanie Champion,
EVP and Head of Nasdaq Verafin,
Financial Crime Management Technology
SDG 10
45
Listings – U.S.
First North Growth Market – Nordics
In 2025, Nasdaq’s U.S. listings business serviced companies ranging
from small to mega-cap issuers. Nasdaq serves as a resource for the
challenges faced by our 2,500+ small and micro-cap issuers through
customized programming and advocacy. Since 2021, Nasdaq has hosted
an annual Small Cap Forum, focused on key topics and issues that impact
small- and micro-cap companies. Nasdaq Amplify provided curated
content specifically for the small- and medium-sized enterprises (SME)
community, including timely articles, editorials, and market and regulatory
updates. Our all-inclusive fee structure encouraged growth of SMEs.
Nasdaq First North Growth Market has created an ecosystem and an
engine for economic and financial progress that is highly supportive of
SMEs. This environment relies on close connectivity with the local investor
base, which is crucial for SME growth and success. Through initiatives
like Nasdaq First North, the exchange fostered a symbiotic relationship
between emerging companies and local as well as international investors.
This close-knit ecosystem not only provided SMEs with vital access to
capital but also offered retail and institutional investors the opportunity to
be part of exciting growth stories and efficiently manage such investments.
The success of this model demonstrates how tailored market structures can
drive economic development and innovation, making Nasdaq’s Nordic and
European markets a blueprint for SME-friendly capital markets globally.
> 440 companies listed on First North Growth Market in the Nordics
and Baltics
Since the founding of Nasdaq First North in 2006, 140+ companies
have grown, matured, and transferred to the Main Market
Nine companies transferred to the Main Market in 2025
Hosted the Verisure listing, the largest IPO in Europe in 2025
“What truly sets us apart is not just our
commitment, but our proven ability to
support companies of all sizes and at every
stage of their growth.”
Nasdaq Helsinki Hosts the World’s First Ring the Bell
for Children
On World Children’s Day in 2025, Nasdaq Helsinki made history
by hosting the world’s first Ring the Bell for Children event.
This milestone marked a new partnership between UNICEF
and the UN Sustainable Stock Exchanges initiative, aiming to
put children’s rights at the center of global capital markets.
The ceremony opened the trading day and called for Child
Lens Investing, an approach developed by UNICEF to connect
finance with the wellbeing of every child.
– Adam Kostyál,
President of Nasdaq Stockholm and
Nasdaq’s Head of Listings for Europe
SDG 8
46
2025 TCFD Report
Table of Contents:
48
48
Board Oversight of Risks and Opportunities. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 48
Role of Management in Assessing and
Managing Risks and Opportunities . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 49
Climate-Related Training. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 49
Strategy
50
Overview of Risks and Opportunities. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 50
Climate- and Sustainability-Related Products and Services. .  .  .  .  .  .  . 53
Impact on Business, Strategy and Financial Planning . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 53
Scenario Analysis and Strategy Resilience. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 55
59
Process for Risk Identification and Assessment. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 59
Management Processes. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 60
Risk Management Integration. .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 60
Metrics and Targets
61
TCFD Data, TNFD-Aligned Risk Assessment and
Climate Transition Plan
62
The Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
was established in 2015 by the Financial Stability Board to identify
the information needed by investors, lenders, and other financial
stakeholders to appropriately assess and price climate-related
risks and opportunities. In 2017, the TCFD released climate-related
financial disclosure recommendations designed to facilitate the
provision of information to support informed capital allocation. In
2023, the TCFD disbanded and transferred oversight of companies’
climate-related disclosures to the International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS) Foundation. We continue to refer to our climaterelated risks and opportunities disclosure as a TCFD disclosure, as
this terminology remains widely used and familiar to stakeholders.
Nasdaq is committed to long-term value creation through a
responsible, transparent, and sustainable business model.
Our climate governance is embedded within our broader
sustainability governance, which is overseen by the Nominating &
Governance Committee of the Board of Directors and maintained
by our Corporate Sustainability Steering Committee, Corporate
Sustainability Disclosure Sub-Committee, and cross-functional
teams. For more information, see the Sustainability Oversight section
of this report on page 7.
This publication is Nasdaq’s sixth TCFD report and describes our
approach to evaluating the projected impacts of climate risks and
opportunities on our business and the initiatives in place to manage
them across the organization. Nasdaq’s disclosures are structured
around the four pillars of the TCFD framework: (1) Governance, (2)
Strategy, (3) Risk Management, and (4) Metrics and Targets. We
continue to enhance our understanding of the possible climaterelated impacts — to support resilience and actualize opportunities
along the transition to a lower-carbon economy.
Board Oversight of Risks and Opportunities
Nominating & Governance Committee
The Nominating & Governance Committee of the Board (the
Committee) oversees sustainability issues as they pertain to
Nasdaq’s business and long-term strategy. In 2025, the Committee
met six times, and sustainability-related topics were discussed
at five meetings. The Committee reviews and approves Nasdaq’s
near- and long-term science-based targets (SBTs) and receives
regular reports on our progress against these targets. Our SBTs
were originally set and validated by the Science Based Targets
initiative (SBTi) in 2022. In 2025, the Committee approved an update
to our SBTs that reflected Nasdaq’s 2023 acquisition of Adenza and
the integration of Adenza’s operations into Nasdaq’s environmental
program and climate strategy. Our revised SBTs were subsequently
validated by SBTi. Two Board directors bring sustainability expertise,
including CEO-level sustainability oversight.
For more information, see the Nominating & Governance Committee
Charter on our Governance Documents and Charters webpage.
Audit & Risk Committee
The Audit & Risk Committee of the Board oversees company-wide risk
management, and annually approves Nasdaq’s risk appetite statement,
which defines the boundaries within which our management operates
while achieving corporate objectives. In 2025, the Audit & Risk Committee
met eight times. For more information, see the Audit & Risk Committee
Charter on our Governance Documents and Charters webpage.
Role of Management in Assessing and Managing Risks
and Opportunities
Nasdaq’s operational climate-related management is overseen by the
Corporate Sustainability Steering Committee, which meets quarterly and is
co-chaired by the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), who reports directly to the
CEO. The Corporate Sustainability Steering Committee is responsible for
assessing and managing climate-related issues and our environmental and
social strategy, and reports to the Nominating & Governance Committee
of the Board at least three times each year. The Corporate Sustainability
Steering Committee is responsible for the coordination of Nasdaq’s climate
strategy, including:
• assessing and managing climate risks and their potential impacts on
Nasdaq’s strategy;
• evaluating supplier sustainability performance and engagement
strategies;
• reviewing and approving Nasdaq’s climate transition plan;
• setting targets and monitoring progress against climate-related goals,
including those related to Nasdaq’s validated science-based targets;
The Head of Corporate Sustainability Strategy and Reporting, who
is a member of the Corporate Sustainability Steering Committee and
ultimately reports to the CFO, leads the Corporate Sustainability Strategy
and Reporting Team and is responsible for the execution of Nasdaq’s
sustainability strategy. This team works cross-functionally with business
units and expert functions to identify and communicate relevant climate
risks and opportunities, submits sustainability-related risk reports to the
Group Risk Management (GRM) team on a quarterly basis, and regularly
engages with the Real Estate and Facilities Team and the Procurement
Team. These functions rely on internal controls and procedures, such as our
Environmental Management System (EMS) and real estate leasing strategy
to assess emerging climate issues. When identified, relevant climate
risks and opportunities may be escalated to the Corporate Sustainability
Strategy and Reporting Team, relevant committees, or to the Nominating
& Governance Committee. Climate-related risks and opportunities may be
escalated to other committees including: the Procurement Council, the
Investment Committee, the Commercial Sustainability Steering Committee,
the Real Estate Advisory Team, and/or the Global Risk Management
Committee. For more information, see the Sustainability Oversight section
of this report on page 7.
Climate-Related Training
At Nasdaq, leadership and employees play an important role in identifying
risks and opportunities that might impact the Company and contribute
to our mission of operating sustainably. In 2025, we offered training for
employees across a range of topics, including six trainings designed to
enhance capacity and knowledge of climate-related issues across the
organization. These trainings were designed to support the execution of
Nasdaq’s climate transition plan, and included webinars, town halls, and
presentations on the evolving regulatory landscape and other sustainabilityrelated topics. In addition, we provided informational education to our
Nominating & Governance Committee on Nasdaq’s SBTs and updated
priority-topic assessments. For more information on workforce training, see
the Empowering Workforce Success section of this report on page 33.
Sustainability-Related Performance
Approximately two to three percent of certain executives’ variable
compensation is tied to strengthening Nasdaq’s culture. For more
information, see the Executive Compensation section of Nasdaq’s 2026
Proxy Statement. Sustainability-related performance metrics factor into
variable compensation, including annual incentive payments for the
Corporate Sustainability Strategy and Reporting Team.
• assessing Nasdaq’s progress in implementing our EMS across our global
real estate portfolio;
• identifying additional opportunities to integrate sustainability principles
and practices across Nasdaq’s operating units;
• evaluating and promoting renewable energy procurement; and
• reviewing Nasdaq’s annual sustainability disclosures.
49
Strategy
Overview of Risks and Opportunities
Nasdaq’s climate strategy and approach to sustainability governance
and reporting are informed by our company-wide assessment of priority
sustainability topics, which was updated in 2025. This exercise reaffirmed
the expectations and demands on Nasdaq’s climate management and
strategy from our external partners. For more information, see the Priority
Sustainability Topics section of this report on page 8.
Our global corporate sustainability strategy integrates assessed climaterelated risks and opportunities that could impact our business operations,
products and services, supply chain, and investments. As part of this year’s
updated climate transition risk analysis, Nasdaq reevaluated our exposure to
sustainability risks and opportunities based on our current business profile.
Consistent with prior years, Nasdaq identified and assessed climaterelated risks and opportunities in alignment with the TCFD framework. Each
risk or opportunity was assigned a time horizon (short, medium, or long)
based upon when it was deemed likely to materialize considering Nasdaq’s
existing mitigation measures. The timeframes below, which align with
CDP and the European Financial Reporting Advisory Group (EFRAG) time
horizon suggestions, are relevant for our operational, financial, and strategic
planning, and are integrated within our climate scenario analyses.
Transition risks arise from the global transition to a lower-carbon economy,
including changes in policy/legal, technology, as well as market and/or
reputational conditions. Physical risks stem from the physical impacts of
climate change, including both acute event-driven risks and chronic risks
associated with longer-term shifts in climatic patterns.
We report the potential business impacts of climate-related risks and have
assigned an expected level of impact to each risk across each time horizon.
This forward-looking evaluation is based on an analysis of our exposure to
that risk, the financial implications of that risk materializing, and relevant
mitigating factors, including Nasdaq’s operational resilience. These projected
business impacts are further analyzed against our Sarbanes-Oxley Act
(SOX) materiality threshold. In 2025, we reaffirmed our prior conclusion
that climate is not expected to have a material, negative, short-, medium-,
or long-term financial impact on Nasdaq’s business (see Tables 1.1 and 1.2).
However, we do expect that one climate-related opportunity may prove to
be moderately significant for Nasdaq, which is detailed in Table 2 on page
52. Projected business impacts across our time horizons are detailed in
Tables 1.1 and 1.2.
Time horizons considered for climate-related risks and opportunities:
Short-term:
0–1 years (up to 2027)
Medium-term: 1–5 years (up to 2031)
Long-term:
5+ years (up to 2050)
50
Table 1.1: Key Climate-Related Transition Risks & Projected Business Impacts Across Time Horizons
Risk Type
Risk Description
Market
Medium
(2027 – 2031)
Long
(2031 – 2050)
Low Impact
Moderate Impact
Elevated Impact
High Impact
Risk Mitigation
Carbon pricing
risk
Nasdaq’s near and long-term science-based targets mitigate the risk of the increased price of emissions driven by policy changes. Because
Scope 3 emissions comprise the largest share of Nasdaq’s total emissions, Nasdaq’s carbon pricing risk stems primarily from supplier
activities, and is mitigated through our supplier engagement strategy. Nasdaq encourages suppliers to set their own science-based targets
and requests that suppliers report their emissions to CDP and align with Nasdaq’s Environmental Practices Statement and Supplier Code.
Nasdaq encourages emissions reductions from its suppliers — particularly for those that are in industries likely to be in scope of carbon
pricing regulations — to minimize pass-through costs. The impact of this risk on Nasdaq’s finances is projected to be low if Nasdaq meets its
near-term science-based target by 2032. Furthermore, Nasdaq continues to allocate funds to procuring renewable electricity, as well as our
offset strategy, supplier engagement program, and human capital to support meeting our climate targets.
Mandatory
climate reporting
requirements
Nasdaq has disclosed information on climate impacts, governance, strategy, risks, and opportunities through our annual Sustainability
Report, TCFD Report, and CDP Climate questionnaire and our GHG emissions inventory data is assured by a third-party to a limited
assurance level. These disclosures position Nasdaq well to navigate and respond to new climate-related reporting and disclosure
requirements. While mandatory climate reporting requirements could cause additional compliance and reporting costs, this risk is mitigated
by our current state of preparedness for in-force California climate disclosure regulations. This risk becomes moderate in the long-term due
to the potential pass-through compliance costs from suppliers, particularly those subject to more onerous regulatory requirements, including
the EU Commission’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD).
Transition to
lower emissions
Nasdaq has incorporated energy performance within its sustainable leasing strategy. This strategy includes reducing our office space
requirements, shifting to shorter leases to build operational flexibility, promoting energy efficiency within our operations, and procuring
renewable energy to minimize our direct exposure to technology risks. We also select data center operators with ISO Certifications,
renewable energy offerings, and sound sustainability policies. We solicit competitive bids for energy attribute certificates (EACs) and
Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs). Nasdaq is also well positioned to assist listed companies in their sustainability journeys through our
climate-related solutions and services, including Puro.earth, a carbon crediting platform for engineered carbon removals.
Disruptions in
the supply chain
Nasdaq expects that supply chain risks are largely mitigated through our business continuity management, resiliency measures, and supplier
engagement strategy, which includes our supplier engagement science-based target and our practice of screening 100% of new suppliers
on environmental criteria. As a provider of technology and services, Nasdaq does not have a traditional supply chain for physical goods,
which reduces the likelihood that one of the Company’s key suppliers is disrupted for environmental or climate reasons. This risk becomes
moderate in the long term due to the increasing lack of TCFD and sustainability reporting by some of Nasdaq’s key suppliers, which could
lead to unexpected supply chain disruption resulting from a lack of supplier climate preparedness. For more information on how Nasdaq is
mitigating this risk, see the Evaluating and Engaging Our Supply Chain section of this report on page 28.
Policy & Legal
Short
(2026 – 2027)
51
Table 1.2: Key Climate-Related Physical Risks & Projected Business Impacts Across Time Horizons
Risk Type
Risk Description
Short
(2026 – 2027)
Medium
(2027 – 2031)
Long
(2031 – 2050)
Nasdaq annually assesses local and regional climate-related physical risks across its facilities over short-, medium-, and long-term time
horizons. We have implemented a wide range of mitigation measures to address both acute and chronic physical climate risks. We expect
these measures will assist in collectively mitigating the risks identified as relevant.
Wildfire
Acute
Risk Mitigation
Inland Flooding
• Incorporation of climate considerations into Nasdaq’s sustainable leasing strategy (see “Costs to transition to lower emissions technology”
above).
Heatwave
• Use of an EMS to provide a framework to assist Nasdaq in achieving our environmental goals through consistent review, evaluation, and
improvement of our facility environmental performance.
Cyclone
• Expansion of business continuity plans (BCPs) beyond general operations to include actions to build resilience for employees in remote
locations and connection to disaster recovery plans.
Extreme Cold
Weather Events
• Establishment of a centralized location for BCPs and requiring BCP coordination to share the plan with all employees in the relevant
department and keep a local copy. Multiple ways to access the BCPs help ensure they can be accessed in emergency situations.
• Establishment of remote working capabilities and backup energy sources for key assets.
Sea Level Rise
• Existing and planned river and coastal flood defense adaptation measures in major cities where Nasdaq has a physical presence, and flood
resilient building design.
Chronic
Water Stress
• Integration of climate risk assessments and scenario analysis within Nasdaq’s cross-functional risk management.
Table 2: Key Climate-Related Opportunities & Time Horizons
Opportunity Type
Solutions and Services
Opportunity Description
Opportunity Rationale
Time horizon
Growth of Carbon Markets
Nasdaq recognizes the vital role carbon markets play in addressing climate change. By supporting the scalability of carbon markets through
Puro.earth and the Nasdaq Eqlipse Digital Platform, we strive to promote opportunities for investors and stakeholders to become involved in
these new market spaces. The Nasdaq Eqlipse Digital Platform provides carbon credits exchanges with trading technology, ensuring that buyers
and sellers are matched with carbon credits based on their specific requirements. In the long-term time horizon, Nasdaq has identified financial
opportunity in expanding our services to support the growth of carbon markets.
Long-term
52
Climate- and Sustainability-Related Solutions and Services
Impact on Business, Strategy, and Financial Planning
In 2025, Nasdaq provided educational resources on sustainability topics to our clients,
shared our issuers’ perspectives with the industry and regulators, and provided a portfolio
of sustainability-focused marketplace solutions that helped clients in the corporate and
investment communities achieve their own sustainability objectives.
Nasdaq regularly evaluates climate risks that may affect our solutions and services,
value chain, operations, and investments. Our climate risk analysis has identified
Nasdaq’s exposure to factors which could result in both physical and transition risks.
Nasdaq’s assessed climate risks are not projected to have a material effect on the
Company based on financial thresholds and an evaluation of Company risks over a
series of future projections. We assess risk factors likely to increase direct costs or
cause interruptions to our primary business functions.
Our Climate-Focused Solutions and Services
Nasdaq identifies and assesses climate-related opportunities by closely monitoring market
and industry dynamics through our relationships with regulators, market operators, and
industry trade groups. While only one opportunity in Table 2 indicates moderate or higher
impact based on financial benefit and likelihood, several opportunities were identified
spanning across new sustainability solutions, resource consumption improvements and
improved capital access. Nasdaq is committed to partnering with our customers, using
a persistent Voice of the Customer (VoC) framework to understand and anticipate their
needs. Our climate-related opportunities associated with our sustainability-related revenue
were concentrated within our Capital Access Platforms, Financial Technology, and Market
Services segments, which in 2025, encompassed the climate-related solutions and
services below. We plan to continue to evaluate climate-related opportunities.
Climate-Focused Solution or Service*
Additional Information
Puro.earth
Solutions & Services, pg. 42
Sustainability & Climate Advisory
Solutions & Services, pg. 41
Nasdaq Metrio
Solutions & Services, pg. 41
AxiomSL
Solutions & Services, pg. 44
Nasdaq Lens (formerly Sustainable Lens)
As with prior years, across all analyzed time horizons, transition risks were once
again identified as being more significant than physical risks to Nasdaq’s business,
strategy, and financial planning. We continue to monitor and track both physical
and transition risks on an annual basis, integrating this information into our ongoing
climate strategy as appropriate. We continue to invest in our climate resilience and
in the integration of climate considerations within our product and service offerings
and business operations to maximize climate-related opportunities (see Table 2 for
details). For example, in 2025, Nasdaq purchased transferable tax credits for precious
metals recycling and battery energy storage projects. For more information on these
projects, refer to page 29 of this report.
Nasdaq publishes a climate transition plan that is aligned with the Transition Plan
Taskforce (TPT) Disclosure Framework and CDP’s technical guidance. The climate
transition plan outlines key elements of our climate strategy, including our climate
governance, risks and opportunities, financial planning, value chain engagement, and
policy engagement. See our Climate Transition Plan on page 65.
*The products listed above are those that most heavily incorporated climate-related data and advisory services.
However, Nasdaq includes climate-related considerations across a wide array of our solutions and services.
53
Nasdaq’s incorporation of climate risks and opportunities across our business and strategy
Theme
Our Action
Our climate transition plan, based on Nasdaq’s low-carbon transition plan first established in 2021, aligns our efforts to mitigate the risks associated with climate change to our business and operations.
This plan includes:
1.	 calculating our GHG emissions since 2018;
2.	 benchmarking our global real estate portfolio to identify and implement opportunities for energy efficiency, in line with Nasdaq’s EMS and sustainable leasing strategy;
Business Operations
3.	 pursuing green building certifications;
4.	 prioritizing shorter lease terms to promote greater strategic flexibility and operational resiliency;
5.	 minimizing emissions resulting from business travel;
6.	 purchasing renewable electricity;
7.	 setting and making progress against our science-based targets; and
8.	 leveraging the TCFD framework to further integrate climate risk management across our organization.
Solutions and Services
Nasdaq has increasingly integrated climate considerations into our service offerings and invested in new sustainability-related products and services, including AxiomSL and the launch of Nasdaq
Metrio, Nasdaq Lens, and eVestment ESG Data in 2023. For more information on Nasdaq’s climate and sustainability-related solutions and services, see the Solutions & Services section of this report
on page 40.
Supplier Engagement
As part of our commitment to mitigate climate risk and encourage sustainable behavior along our supply chain, we have a robust supplier engagement strategy. This strategy is being applied to existing
suppliers in a multi-phased approach and we will continue to enhance our engagements with suppliers over time. Our efforts to engage our suppliers on climate issues have been publicly recognized
through our inclusion on CDP’s 2025 Supplier Engagement A List and Leaderboard. For more information, see the Evaluating and Engaging Our Supply Chain section of this report on page 28.
Disclosures and
Sustainability-Related
Ratings
As a means of communicating our performance and progress on sustainability initiatives to internal and external stakeholders, Nasdaq has enhanced our sustainability disclosures, including through
our annual Sustainability Report, TCFD Report, and CDP Climate Change disclosures. Nasdaq continued to receive industry-leading sustainability scores across rating agencies in 2025, including being
recognized on the CDP Climate Change A List. We believe that these ratings will continue to be incorporated into certain investors’ analysis and bolster Nasdaq’s reputation as a sustainability leader,
thereby minimizing reputational climate risks and unlocking new potential opportunities for collaboration. For more information, see the Our Sustainability Ratings section of this report on page 10.
54
Scenario Analysis and Strategy Resilience
While Nasdaq’s low-carbon transition strategy, supplier engagement
strategy, and sustainability-related solutions and services support the shift
to a lower-carbon economy, we recognize the importance of thoroughly
exploring how climate-related risks may materialize under various plausible
future conditions. In accordance with the TCFD recommendations, we
examined the resiliency of Nasdaq’s sustainability strategy by conducting
climate scenario analyses. This exercise enables Nasdaq to assess
exposure to physical and transition climate-related risks and opportunities
that have the potential to influence our businesses, strategy, and financial
planning. We annually review our historic scenario analysis results and
update the process as needed upon the publication of new scenario
modeling methodologies, new market conditions, or new conditions
related to our operational footprint.
In 2025, we enhanced our climate scenario analyses by:
1.	 updating our analysis of our exposure to physical climate hazards
based on our existing real estate portfolio;
2.	 updating our analysis of our exposure to carbon pricing regulation using
2025 GHG emissions data and applying the most recent transition
scenarios from the Network for Greening the Financial System (NGFS);
and
3.	 conducting one-on-one engagement calls with suppliers who have not
publicly committed to set science-based targets, requesting our top
300 suppliers by spend to respond to the CDP Climate survey.
Our analysis reaffirms that our most significant climate risks and
opportunities stem from transition risks. Nasdaq’s verified science-based
emissions reduction targets are expected to help mitigate some of these
risks (for more information, see Table 1.1). We aim to further explore the
vulnerability of our strategy and operations to the risks identified to
project possible financial impacts related to the materialization of a risk
and identify the costs of mitigation.
Transition Risks
Low Demand
Net Zero 2050
Delayed Transition
Fragmented World
Table 3: Transition Risk Scenarios
Network for Greening the Financial System (NGFS) v5.0
Four scenarios from the NGFS Phase V were applied to assess transition risks and explore the impact of delayed timing and divergent voluntary and
regulatory action across sectors. These scenarios were selected based upon their relevance to the sectors across which we operate, and as a means to
explore the nuances of anticipated policy expectations under different transition scenarios.
1. Low Demand (1.1° C)
2. Net Zero 2050 (1.4° C)
3. Delayed Transition (1.7° C)
4. Fragmented World (2.4° C)
Description:
Description:
Significant behavioral changes result
in lower global energy demand,
resulting in an orderly transition to
net zero emissions by 2050
Coordinated, stringent, and
well-timed policy action and fast
technological change to reduce
GHG emissions and achieve net zero
emissions by 2050
Delay in action until 2030
Delayed and divergent climate
policy ambition globally, leading to
an overall ineffective transition to a
low-carbon future
Transition risks are considered low
Requires accelerated and disruptive
policies thereafter to limit warming
to below 2°C
Transition risks are high, but also
highly variable by geography
Transition risks are considered high
Transition risks are considered very
high
Outcome:
Outcome:
Net zero emissions are achieved
primarily through reduced energy
demand and technology induced
efforts rather than carbon pricing,
which remains lower than the Net
Zero 2050 scenario across all time
horizons
Ambitious climate policies
introduced immediately, resulting in
steady increases in carbon prices
from 2025 – 2050
New climate policies are not
introduced until 2030, and the level
of action differs across countries
and regions based on currently
implemented policies. Carbon prices
rapidly increase after 2030
Countries without net zero targets
follow current policies, while other
countries only partially achieve
their targets (80%) by 2050. Carbon
prices remain significantly lower
than in other scenarios
Overall, applying NGFS Phase V modeling has slightly increased our maximum exposure relative to our 2024 analysis, but we do not expect the potential
impact of carbon pricing to have a material effect on Nasdaq. NGFS Phase V modeling is the latest set of scenarios published by the NGFS, which were
updated in 2024 and based on the economic and climate data and policy commitments at that time. Transition risks were evaluated under four scenarios
published by the NGFS. We selected these scenarios as we deemed them particularly relevant to the financial sector in which we operate, and because
they offer a wide range of potential scenarios related to regulatory action and related policy-driven transition risks, including two scenarios that result in
global net zero emissions by 2050.
55
Supplier Engagement Priority Score
10%
Priority Score
In the scenarios applied, global carbon prices are used
as a proxy for government climate-related policies,
which vary significantly based on the scenario. The risks
relating to mandatory carbon pricing were quantitatively
assessed by applying the carbon prices delineated in
each transition scenario against our current Scope 1,
2, and 3 market-based emissions, and our projected
emissions in line with the ambitions of our sciencebased targets. As our Scope 3 emissions represent
79% of our total emissions, our carbon pricing risks are
concentrated within our supply chain, and stem primarily
from the emissions associated with our vendors. To
assess our maximal risk exposure, we assumed that
Nasdaq would bear the full cost of emissions, as
opposed to, for example, suppliers absorbing some of
the costs of carbon pricing. In this year’s analysis, our
newly validated SBTi targets were integrated into the
calculation, with year-over-year value added growth
projections updated to reflect current conditions.
Assuming Nasdaq meets its SBTs, in 2025, we found
that under all scenarios assessed, the annual cost of
emissions was just under one percent (.77%) of Net
Income Attributable to Nasdaq across the short- to longterm horizons. Under the scenario where Nasdaq meets
both their near and long term SBTs, the highest carbon
pricing risk exposure materializes over the medium term
under the Net Zero 2050 scenario, as a result of that
scenario’s relatively high carbon pricing projections. In
contrast, our carbon pricing exposure risks are lowest
under the Fragmented World scenario due to the low
anticipated carbon prices inherent to that model.
Supplier and Customer Analysis
In 2024, Nasdaq performed an analysis of the
climate maturity of our key suppliers and customers
to understand our exposure to other upstream and
downstream climate related transition risks. Suppliers
and customers were selected based on their strategic
importance to Nasdaq’s operations and sales, and were
assessed across seven criteria — including their level
of climate disclosure to initiatives like TCFD and CDP
(where available), the existence and ambition of their
emissions targets, and the overall emissions intensity
of their industry. Higher supplier maturity is associated
with reduced risk of pass-through costs linked to
carbon pricing, reduced risk of climate-related business
disruption within our supply chain, and heightened
opportunities for engagement on climate issues.
Higher customer maturity is a signal of market stability
and business continuity as regulations and markets
increase stakeholder expectations of corporate climate
disclosure and action. However, high customer maturity
is also associated with heightened expectations on
Nasdaq’s own climate performance, which could
potentially increase reputational or market-based
risks. Overall, Nasdaq’s exposure to transition risks
through our suppliers and customers remains moderate.
A portfolio analysis of the assessed suppliers and
customers revealed limited levels of climate maturity
from many assessed companies, although overall risk is
somewhat mitigated by the low emissions intensity of
the financial services and data processing industries,
which is applicable to all of Nasdaq’s top customers and
suppliers. Overall risk is also mitigated by the proactive
climate action of several key suppliers and customers.
The number of high priority suppliers targeted for
engagement increased from 2023 to 2024 due to the
inclusion of several new suppliers in the analysis that
do not yet have comprehensive plans for addressing
climate impacts across their business. The results of
the analysis may be used to inform Nasdaq’s supplier
engagement strategy in the future.
33%
Supplier Analysis Results
10%
Priority Sco
13%
Supplier
Engagement
Prior
33%disclosures,
Our analysis is based on TCFD
emissions
13%
disclosures and targets (including SBTs),
CDP
Supplier Engage
disclosures, emissions intensity, potential reputational
23%
risk, and use of internal carbon pricing.
23% 33%
Supplier
Engagement
Priority
Score
20%Score
Priority
23%
Very High 10%
High
Moderate
Low Very Low
20%
Very High
High Moderate
20% Low Very Low
Very High High Moderate
Low
20%
Very High
Moderate20%L
24%
Very High High
Annual Cost of Nasdaq's Scope 1, 2, and 3 Market-Based Emissions1,2
Moderate
Low
Very Low
(expressed as percentage of 2025 Net Income Attributable to Nasdaq, assuming all SBTs are met)
2.0%
1.5%
1.0%
0.5%
0.0%
2030
Net Zero 2050
2035
Low Demand
2040
Delayed Transition
2045
V
2050
Fragmented World
1	Based upon carbon pricing scenario analysis using NGFS Net Zero 2050, Low Demand, Delayed Transition, and Fragmented World global carbon prices, and Nasdaq’s 2025 Scope 1, 2, and 3 Emissions and projected emissions under Nasdaq’s SBTs. A discount rate of 2% applied to calculate present value annual
cost of emissions. 2025 net income attributable to Nasdaq as shown on Nasdaq’s 2025 Form 10-K.
2	NGFS’ Divergent Net Zero scenario has been discontinued in Phase IV of NGFS’ modeling data.
56
M
Physical Risks
Nasdaq has evaluated the exposure of our entire global real estate portfolio, including offices and data centers, to
acute and chronic physical climate risks under three plausible future scenarios developed by the IPCC as detailed
in Table 4 below.
Table 4: Physical Risk Scenarios
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC)
The IPCC’s 2023 Sixth Assessment Report (AR6) defines a range of Shared Socio-Economic Pathways (SSPs) describing the
socioeconomic trends underlying the scenarios, alongside the level of radiative forcing resulting from the scenario in the year
2100.
1. SSP1-2.6 (~1.6°C)
Sustainability
2. SSP2-4.5 (~2.7°C)
Middle of the Road
3. SSP5-8.5 (~4.2°C)
Fossil-fueled development
Encompasses socioeconomic and
representative emissions pathways
consistent with a sustained and
pervasive global shift towards a more
sustainable future
Overall emissions continue to rise
through mid-century before beginning
to decline, environmental systems
experience severe degradation, and
climate change worsens through the end
of the century
Continued exploitation of fossil fuel
resources and the adoption of resource
and energy intensive lifestyles around
the world
Physical risks are considered low
Physical risks are considered high
Physical risks are considered
intermediate
This scenario is expected to result in
global warming of 2°C by the end of the
century, with a modeled temperature
increase range of 1.3°C – 2.8°C relative
to 1850 - 1900
This scenario is expected to result in
global warming of 2.9°C by the end of
the century, with a modeled temperature
increase range of 2.1°C – 4°C relative to
1850 - 1900
This scenario is expected to result in
global warming of 4.8°C by the end of
the century, with a modeled temperature
increase range of 3.6°C – 6.5°C relative
to 1850 - 1900
Nasdaq evaluated its physical risk exposure to the following climate hazards. The projected business impacts of
Nasdaq’s exposure to these hazards is detailed in Table 1.
Table 5: Climate-Related Hazards
Acute Hazards
Chronic Hazards
Wildfires
Sea level rise
Inland flooding
Water stress
Heatwaves
Cyclones
Extreme cold weather events
Asset-level results are aggregated to show the percentage of facilities at low, medium, and high levels of exposure
for each hazard, under each applied scenario and time horizon. For example, 100% of our global offices have low
exposure to heatwaves over the short-term, whereas 8% of our global offices have high exposure to heatwaves
over the long-term (2031 to 2050). The drought hazard disclosed in previous years is now included under the
broader “water stress” hazard. This analysis was updated in 2025 to reflect changes to Nasdaq’s global real estate
portfolio. We have only disclosed the results from the SSP5-8.5 and SSP2-4.5 scenarios as these represent the
highest risk scenarios for Nasdaq. The charts on pages 62-63 provide a breakdown of our physical climate risk
exposure by hazard, timeframe, and scenario.
Our analysis shows that over the long-term through 2050, the majority of assets that we presently control are
expected to have low exposure to most physical climate hazards under a worst-case scenario. Our top physical
climate risks stem from cyclones, with a maximum of 22% of our offices and 23% of our data centers projected to
have high exposure to cyclones across all time horizons. Previous analysis utilized the probability of a Category 3
cyclone occurring in a given year but given the severity of Category 1 and 2 cyclones in the recent past, analytical
tools have reduced the threshold of probability to a Category 1 cyclone occurring in a given year. This threshold
adjustment has increased hazard exposure for 2025. As in past years analysis, water stress represented the
second highest physical climate risk, with a maximum of 22% of our offices and 9% of our data centers projected
to have high exposure to water stress across all time horizons in the worst-case scenario.
57
Geographically, our physical risks are most
highly concentrated in North America and
Southeast Asia due to Nasdaq’s larger
presence in these regions. The chart on the
right provides a summary of our top physical
climate risks by region. Although some
risks from cyclones and water stress could
manifest in the short-term, Nasdaq has
robust physical risk resilience measures in
place that we anticipate will largely mitigate
these risks (see Table 1.2), including within
North America and Southeast Asia.
Nasdaq Risk Gateway (NRG) data
demonstrates the robustness of Nasdaq’s
mitigation measures, with no climaterelated incidents occurring in 2025. During
this period, there were numerous Global
Facilities & Security Operations Center
(FSOC) weather-related alerts that occurred
in regions where Nasdaq operates, with
recurring events such as severe storms,
flooding, extreme cold, tropical systems, and
wildfires. These alerts identified public safety
risks including flooding, landslides, debris
flows, extreme cold, high winds, blizzards,
displacement, loss of shelter, dangerous
debris zones, as well as public operational
impacts, such as airport shutdowns, road
closures, power outages, evacuation orders,
and travel advisories. However, data from
our incident management tool confirms that
no direct impact to Nasdaq materialized.
The results of this climate scenario analysis
inform our risk management focuses and
resiliency strategy, which we anticipate will
mitigate risks over the medium and long-term
time horizons. Our leasing strategy prioritizes
short-term leases, providing operational
flexibility and allowing us to reduce our
exposure to physical climate risks over time.
We review our physical risk exposure on an
annual basis and refresh this analysis as
needed based on potential changes to our
real estate portfolio, business operations,
or changes to the underlying risk modeling
methodologies.
Nasdaq’s physical risk results are based on
scenario analyses from a third-party physical
risk modeling provider, while transition
risk results are based on NGFS scenarios.
There are inherent uncertainties in modeling
forward-looking physical and transition risk
impacts due to unforeseeable ecological or
geopolitical changes, potential ecological
tipping points, and uncertainties in the
underlying scenario assumptions. These
scenarios are applied to assess Nasdaq’s
risks under a range of plausible futures,
based on the best currently available
information. Nasdaq makes no assurances
on the respective probability or desirability
of these scenarios.
Geographic distribution of long-term climate risk exposure
(2030-2050)3
Most prevalent types of risks:
Cyclone4 and Water Stress
Europe
Most prevalent risks
Water stress and heatwaves,
flooding in select locations
North America
Most prevalent risks
Cyclones and water stress,
flooding in select locations
18
out of 30
out of 27
Asia
Water stress and heatwaves
Sites with at
least one high
exposure rating
7
out of 11
Sites with at least
one high exposure
rating
Sites with at
least one high
exposure rating
South America
Heatwaves and water stress
out of 3
Sites with at least
one high exposure
rating
Middle East
Australia
4
Water stress and heatwave
out of 2
out of 4
3	Physical climate-risk assessment covered 79 sites and consolidated those which shared the same physical addresses.
4	Cyclones saw increased hazard exposure for 2025 due to changing the threshold for the severity of cyclones to Category 1
given the severity of recent Category 1 and 2 cyclones.
58
Process for Risk Identification and Assessment
Under the oversight of the Audit & Risk Committee of our Board and the
leadership of Nasdaq’s GRM function, Nasdaq’s ERM Framework is used
to identify, assess, manage, and monitor risks, including risks related to
climate. The ERM framework applies to Nasdaq’s global business operations
as well as our presence within our supply chains and markets to help ensure
comprehensive management of risks across Nasdaq’s entire value chain. For
more information on our ERM framework, see the Risk Oversight section of
Nasdaq’s 2026 Proxy Statement.
Through its Risk Taxonomy, Nasdaq classifies risks into the following four
broad categories:
• Strategic and Business Risk
• Financial Risk
• Operational Risk
• Legal and Regulatory Risk
Sustainability-related risks are integrated into these risk categories to help
ensure that they are assessed where they materialize and managed by the
appropriate risk owners, thus enhancing the effectiveness and maturity of
the ERM framework.
Each risk category is associated with a unique risk appetite, which is the
boundary within which our management operates while achieving corporate
objectives. The risk appetite is set for each risk category by management
and approved annually by the Audit & Risk Committee of the Board for
Nasdaq’s global operations, and by the relevant boards or supervisory
councils of our Nordic- and Baltic-regulated entities. Risk tolerances for
Nasdaq’s global operations are monitored and reported to the GRM function
and Audit & Risk Committee of the Board on a quarterly basis to help
ensure the Company continues to operate within the stated risk appetite.
The risk tolerances for the Nordic and Baltic regulated entities are similarly
monitored and reported quarterly to the relevant boards or supervisory
councils. Nasdaq draws on a wide range of resources to consider the
potential impacts of climate-related risks on a continuous basis across our
business. Our integrated risk assessment program utilizes three separate
yet related risk assessment components to support a holistic risk profile:
Top-Down Risk Assessments, Bottom-Up Risk Assessments, and Scenario
Risk Assessments.
Nasdaq’s Top-Down Risk Assessments engage senior management and
consider the risks that could impede the Company’s strategy. Emerging
risks are regularly monitored by Nasdaq’s business functions, and are
informed by our active communication with investors, clients, and other
stakeholder groups. Top emerging risks are considered as part of the TopDown Risk Assessment and reported on a periodic basis to the Global
Risk Management Committee and the Audit & Risk Committee. Internally,
climate risks and opportunities are identified through the engagement of the
Corporate Sustainability Strategy and Reporting Team with various business
units and expert functions. Nasdaq’s climate risk assessments, informed by
leading reporting frameworks like CDP and incorporating climate scenario
analysis, explore Nasdaq’s exposure to physical and transition risks and
opportunities by business unit, including risks generated within our supply
chain. Nasdaq intends to perform climate risk assessments as part of our
regular TCFD Reporting cycle.
assess the vulnerability and resiliency of critical Nasdaq operating locations,
considering factors including environmental changes and the likelihood
and potential effects of an interruption to the location, informed by the
application of multiple climate scenarios. Our Real Estate Advisory Team
communicates all relevant climate risks to GRM as part of our annual risk
assessment process. For more information, see the Evaluating and Engaging
Our Supply Chain section of this report on page 28.
Once a risk has been identified, Nasdaq, under the leadership of the GRM,
uses an industry standard approach for assessing the magnitude of the
risk’s potential impacts and likelihood of materializing, and calibrates that
risk using a Risk Rating Matrix, which is reviewed periodically and adjusted
as needed. Nasdaq’s assessment methodology considers qualitative
and quantitative factors when assessing both financial and non-financial
impacts (including regulatory, client, operational, and reputation), providing
a consistent approach for Nasdaq to assess risks of all types, including
climate-related risks. Financial impacts are considered both independently
and in aggregate across the reporting year. Our Risk Rating Matrix
methodology assigns a risk level of Low, Moderate, Elevated, or High for
each assessed risk. In 2025, Sustainability Risk was incorporated into
the four categories of the Risk Taxonomy. Risk assessments inform our
sustainability strategy and business continuity planning as appropriate.
Our Procurement Team and Real Estate Advisory Team further contribute to
our identification of climate risks. We request that our top suppliers disclose
their environmental data through the CDP Supply Chain program, and screen
100% of our new suppliers using environmental criteria — providing insight
into our climate risk exposure from these vendors. Going forward, Nasdaq
intends to continue enhancing our ability to investigate supplier resiliency
to climate risks, which may impact the Company’s risk exposure through
third parties. Nasdaq facility site managers are periodically surveyed to
59
Management Processes
Nasdaq’s ERM Policy applies a “Three Lines of Risk Management” model.
This model defines each employee’s risk management role, is based on the
premise that every Nasdaq employee has responsibility for managing risk,
and establishes internal controls, as well as guidance and standards to
implement Nasdaq’s risk management policy.
• First Line: Business units and expert functions — maintains a robust risk
management and control environment.
• Second Line: GRM and other Oversight Functions — serves as an
independent advisor to the First Line and defines the framework to direct
and coordinate our risk management efforts including Business Continuity
Management (BCM).
• Third Line: Internal Audit — provides independent and objective evaluation
of Nasdaq’s overall risk management framework, including internal
controls and governance, providing assurance over its effectiveness.
Internal Audit communicates the results of completed reviews to Senior
Management and the Audit & Risk Committee of the Board.
Our Global Risk Management Committee, which includes our CEO and
other senior executives, assists the Board in our risk oversight role. The
ERM framework is assessed to confirm its appropriateness and proper
functioning, and the level of risk assumed by the Company is consistent
with Nasdaq’s strategy and risk appetite. The Global Risk Management
Committee is also informed by risk assessments performed by other
targeted risk management committees that address specific risks,
geographic areas and/or subsidiaries, which facilitates the escalation of
potentially critical issues. For more information on these risk management
committees, see the Risk Oversight section of our 2026 Proxy Statement.
Risk Management Integration
Nasdaq uses its Governance, Risk, and Compliance tool, Nasdaq Risk
Gateway (NRG), to integrate reporting and tracking of incidents and issues
into business and support functions to help ensure timely identification and
management of external risks, internal risks and potential emerging risks.
As part of our Business Continuity Management program, each business
unit and expert function develops a Business Continuity Plan (BCP), which
includes completing a Business Impact Analysis. The Business Impact
Analysis is a systemic process to determine and evaluate the potential
effects of an interruption to critical business operations following significant
geopolitical changes or natural disasters (including climate-related), cyberattack, service delivery failure from a critical event, an accident or an
emergency. Other risks determined as material to a business unit or expert
function are integrated within the relevant BCP. The business units and
expert functions, as the First Line, develop and review the BCPs at least
annually. The GRM function, as the Second Line, reviews and challenges
the BCPs to help ensure the plans are comprehensive and mitigate the
identified risks. Nasdaq continues to evaluate and evolve these programs so
there is an understanding of potential exposure and responses in countries
we operate in or serve. All Nasdaq BCPs incorporate criteria for the BCP
to be invoked and communicated to employees. If a BCP is invoked, the
event causing the invocation is reported as an incident in Nasdaq’s NRG
tool. The details of the incident, including the impact and actions taken, are
captured. Lessons learned from the incident are tracked and inform future
BCP iterations. Core components of the Business Continuity Management
Framework, including the Business Impact Analysis, BCPs, Disaster
Recovery Plans, and testing programs also inform our annual insurance
renewal process.
Nasdaq has implemented resiliency measures across the Company to
mitigate the risk of potential interruptions to business through unforeseen
circumstances such as climate-related events.5 Nasdaq has an EMS to
govern the Company’s real estate and data center operations. The EMS
provides a framework to assist Nasdaq in achieving our environmental
and sustainable objectives through consistent review, evaluation, and
improvement of the Company’s environmental performance. For more
information, see the Environmental Management System (EMS) section of
this report on page 26.
Nasdaq has a globally distributed workforce which we believe provides an
additional level of resiliency. Our BCPs outline the transfer of processes
to alternate locations and/or regions. Nasdaq also has a hybrid work
environment, where employees in applicable roles can work both from home
and the office. In the event of local power or connectivity disruptions, workfrom-home employees can work from a nearby office which is equipped
with backup power or can transfer their work to another location. Nasdaq’s
data center infrastructure includes primary and secondary data centers
to provide redundancy for critical systems, and Nasdaq is actively moving
infrastructure to the cloud. As part of our sustainable leasing strategy,
Nasdaq’s Real Estate and Facilities Team considers environmental criteria
at every stage of the real estate lifecycle, incorporates climate scenario
risk analysis in leasing decisions, and considers the potential for business
disruption when determining lease length. This enables Nasdaq to bolster
its operational flexibility and resilience against future physical and transition
climate risks.
5 For more information on Nasdaq’s mitigation activities against its assessed climate-related risks, see the “Key Climate-Related Risks & Projected Business Impacts Across Time Horizons” table.
60
Metrics and Targets
Nasdaq measures and publishes information on our climate-related
performance, risks and opportunities, and targets on an annual basis. For
details on our climate-related metrics, see the Data Tables section of this
report. For more information on our climate-related targets, including our
near- and long-term science-based targets, see the Science Based Targets
section of this report on page 19. For information relating to our carbon
offsetting activities, see the Our Carbon Offset Strategy section of this
report on pages 24-25.
Nasdaq has selected the operational control approach for its annual GHG
inventory for the following reasons:
1.	 Allows Nasdaq to align its emissions reporting with its scope of influence.
2.	 Nasdaq expects to be able to track and manage the emissions
performance over the sites and assets over which it has operational
control.
3.	 Approach does not prohibit Nasdaq from accounting for emissions
associated with joint ventures and affiliate companies, as well as any other
investments, within Scope 3 Category 15.
61
TCFD Data, TNFD-Aligned Risk Assessment, and Climate Transition Plan
The charts below provide a breakdown of our physical climate risk exposure by hazard, timeframe, and scenario. Asset-level results are aggregated to show the percentage of facilities at different levels of exposure, under each applied
scenario and time horizon.
Physical risks of Nasdaq’s offices
SSP 5-8.5 (~4.8°C) Scenario
SSP 2-4.5 (~2.9°C) Scenario
Short Term Exposure (% of Office Assets)
Short Term Exposure (% of Office Assets)
Qualitative Exposure
Wildfire
Flooding
Heatwave
Cyclone
Flooding
87%
91%
98%
73%
51%
91%
51%
2%
2%
9%
47%
45%
7%
18%
18%
4%
Medium Term Exposure (% of Office Assets)
Medium Term Exposure (% of Office Assets)
Qualitative Exposure
85%
47%
42%
15%
56%
5%
Long Term Exposure (% of Office Assets)
Long Term Exposure (% of Office Assets)
87%
44%
69%
22%
96%
89%
69%
22%
96%
45%
56%
11%
67%
62
Physical risks of Nasdaq’s data centers
SSP 5-8.5 (~4.8°C) Scenario
SSP 2-4.5 (~2.9° C) Scenario
Short Term Exposure (% of Data Center Assets)
Short Term Exposure (% of Data Center Assets)
77%
55%
77%
55%
5%
Medium Term Exposure (% of Data Center Assets)
Medium Term Exposure (% of Data Center Assets)
Long Term Exposure (% of Data Center Assets)
Long Term Exposure (% of Data Center Assets)
27%
82%
32%
82%
64%
68%
Annual Cost of Nasdaq’s Scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG Emissions*
(expressed as a percentage of 2025 Net Income Attributable to Nasdaq)
Short-Term
Medium Term
Long-Term
2030
2035
2040
2045
0.00%
0.77%
0.58%
0.43%
0.26%
0.09%
0.00%
0.29%
0.27%
0.23%
0.14%
0.05%
0.01%
0.11%
0.10%
0.06%
0.02%
0.01%
0.03%
*Based upon carbon pricing scenario analysis using NGFS Net Zero 2050, Low Demand, Delayed Transition, and Fragmented World global carbon prices, and Nasdaq’s 2025 Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions and projected emissions under Nasdaq’s science-based targets..
A discount rate of 2% applied to calculate present value annual cost of emissions. 2025 net income attributable to Nasdaq as shown on 2025 Form 10-K.
63
The Taskforce on Nature-Related Financial
Disclosure (TNFD)-Aligned Risk Assessment
The Taskforce on Nature-Related Financial Disclosure (TNFD) is built on the
pillars and principles of the TCFD, following the structure of governance,
strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets. Nasdaq has been a
member of the TNFD Forum since 2022. Nasdaq supports TNFD’s marketled approach to developing a framework that is “scientifically rigorous and
easy to adopt for both businesses and financial institutions.”
Nasdaq’s TNFD Analysis
Nasdaq conducted a pilot Locate, Evaluate, Assess, and Prepare (LEAP)
analysis in accordance with TNFD guidance in 2023 to assess our exposure
to nature-related issues, risks, and opportunities. The pilot analysis
concluded that, while Nasdaq may be or become exposed to several
nature-related risks, these risks are already mitigated by our existing
risk management processes and climate-related resiliency planning. The
scope of this pilot analysis covered both our direct operations and certain
aspects of our value chain to assess our exposure to nature-related issues
across several of our key facilities, as well as several critical suppliers and
customers. Our facility-level analysis assessed the sensitivity and materiality
of each site to determine each facility’s interface with nature, as well as its
inherent physical nature-related risks and water-related reputational and
regulatory risk. At a group level, transition risks were qualitatively analyzed
per TNFD risk categories, and nature-related impacts and dependencies
were identified for our sector. We completed this analysis of our business
operations by assessing the nature-related maturity of our upstream and
downstream value chain and identifying sectoral impacts and dependencies
for our key value chain partners. Nasdaq intends to continue to monitor the
impact of nature-related issues on our business strategy, risk management,
and financial planning. For more information, see the Risk Management
section of the TCFD report on page 59.
64
2025 Climate Transition Plan
Our 2025 Climate Transition Plan is aligned to the Transition Plan Taskforce (TPT) framework, which is currently considered the standard for transition planning. The TPT Framework is designed to complement the wider climate-related
disclosures incorporated in the TCFD Report.
1. Foundations
Strategic Ambition
1.1
An entity shall disclose the Strategic Ambition of its transition plan. This shall comprise the entity’s objectives and priorities for responding and contributing to the transition
towards a low-GHG emissions, climate-resilient economy, and set out whether and how the entity is pursuing these objectives and priorities in a manner that captures
opportunities, avoids adverse impacts for stakeholders and society, and safeguards the natural environment.
Information Links
2025 Sustainability Report pages 7-9, 17-29
2025 TCFD Report pages 48-63
Business Model and Value Chain
Information Links
1.2
2025 TCFD Report pages 50-58
An entity shall disclose a description of the current and anticipated implications of the entity’s Strategic Ambition on its business model and value chain.
Key Assumptions and External Factors
1.3
2025 TCFD Report pages 50-63
An entity shall disclose key assumptions that it has made and external factors on which it depends in order to achieve the Strategic Ambition of its transition plan.
2. Implementation Strategy
Business Operations
2.1
An entity shall disclose information about the short-, medium-, and long-term actions it is taking or plans to take in its business operations in order to achieve the Strategic
Ambition of its transition plan.
Products and Services
2.2
An entity shall disclose information about short-, medium-, and long-term actions it is taking or plans to take to change its portfolio of products and services in order to
achieve the Strategic Ambition of its transition plan.
Policies and Conditions
2.3
An entity shall disclose information about any policies and conditions that it uses or plans to use to achieve the Strategic Ambition of its transition plan.
2025 Sustainability Report pages 18-28
2025 TCFD Report pages 49, 51-53
2025 Sustainability Report pages 40-44
2025 TCFD Report pages 51-53
Environmental Practices Statement
Supplier Code of Ethics
65
2. Implementation Strategy
Financial Planning
2.4
An entity shall, to the extent the financial effects of its transition plan are separately identifiable, disclose information about the effects of its transition plan on its financial
position, financial performance and cash flows over the short-, medium-, and long-term, including information about how it is resourcing or plans to resource its activities in
order to achieve the Strategic Ambition of its transition plan.
2025 TCFD Report pages 49, 51-54
3. Engagement Strategy
Engagement with Value Chain
Supplier Code of Ethics
3.1
An entity shall disclose information about any engagement activities with other entities in its value chain that it is undertaking or plans to undertake in order to achieve the
Strategic Ambition of its transition plan.
Environmental Practices Statement
2025 Sustainability Report pages 8, 17, 28
2025 TCFD Report pages 48-49, 53-54, 56
Engagement with Industry
3.2
An entity shall disclose information about any engagement and collaborative activities with industry counterparts (and other relevant initiatives or entities) that it is
undertaking or plans to undertake in order to achieve the Strategic Ambition of its transition plan.
Engagement with Government, Public Sector and Civil Society
3.3
An entity shall disclose information about any direct and indirect engagement activities with the government, regulators, public sector organizations, communities, and civil
society that it is undertaking or plans to undertake in order to achieve the Strategic Ambition of its transition plan.
2025 Sustainability Report page 8, 10, 40, 81
2025 Sustainability Report pages 8, 16, 38-39, 81
4. Metrics & Targets
Governance, Business and Operational Metrics and Targets
4.1
An entity shall disclose information about the governance, engagement, business and operational metrics and targets that it uses in order to drive and monitor progress
towards the Strategic Ambition of its transition plan, and report against these metrics and targets on at least an annual basis.
GHG Metrics and Targets
4.3
An entity shall disclose information about the GHG emissions and removals metrics and targets that it uses in order to drive and monitor progress towards the Strategic
Ambition of its transition plan, and report against these metrics and targets on at least an annual basis.
2025 Sustainability Report page 11-17, 18-19
2025 Sustainability Report pages 18-29, 61, 69-73
66
4. Metrics & Targets
Carbon Credits
4.4
An entity shall disclose information about how it uses or plans to use carbon credits to achieve the Strategic Ambition of its transition plan, and report on the use of carbon
credits on at least an annual basis.
2025 Sustainability Report pages 24-25
5. Governance
Board Oversight and Reporting
5.1
An entity shall disclose information about the governance body(s) (which can include a board, committee, or equivalent body charged with governance) or individual(s)
responsible for oversight of the transition plan.
Roles, Responsibility and Accountability
5.2
An entity shall disclose information about management’s role in the governance processes, controls, and procedures used to monitor, manage, and oversee the transition
plan, as well as how it is embedded within the entity’s wider control, review, and accountability mechanisms.
Culture
5.3
An entity shall disclose information about how it aligns or plans to align its culture with the Strategic Ambition of its transition plan.
2025 TCFD Report pages 48-49
2025 Sustainability Report page 7, 11-17
2025 TCFD Report pages 48-49
2025 Sustainability Report pages 3-7, 11, 27, 30-39
2025 TCFD Report page 49
Incentives and Remuneration
5.4
2025 TCFD Report page 49
An entity shall disclose information about how it aligns or plans to align its incentive and remuneration structures with the Strategic Ambition of its transition plan.
Skills, Competencies and Training
5.5
An entity shall disclose information about actions it is taking or plans to take to assess, maintain, and build the appropriate skills, competencies, and knowledge across the
organization in order to achieve the Strategic Ambition of its transition plan.
2025 Sustainability Report pages 33-35
67
Governance Data
2025 Tax Transparency
Country
# of Employees
Gross Revenue from Third-Party Sales ($ in Millions)
Profit/Loss Before Tax ($ in Millions)
Corporate Income Tax Paid on a Cash Basis, Net of Refund ($ in Millions)
Australia
303
152
57
Belgium
Brazil
10
1
1
Canada
1,619
60
30
100
Chile
China
Colombia
31
Denmark
41
56
39
Estonia
23
Finland
43
15
6
France
127
Germany
Hong Kong
71
Iceland
8
1,837
20
5
Ireland
Israel
India
Italy
Japan
Latvia
Lithuania
611
Luxembourg
-2
230
19
-1
Norway
13
21
22
Philippines
515
Poland
140
Portugal
71
Mexico
Netherlands
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
South Korea
Spain
Sweden
755
430
173
33
Turkey
Ukraine
162
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
324
24
United States
2,325
7,350
1,703
179
8,262
2,145
373
Note: Totals may not sum due to rounding
GRI 207-4
WEF Core 21
69
Additional Data
Incidents of Discrimination, 2025
Daily Trades, 2025
Total number of incidents of discrimination
Market Halts and Volatility, 2025
Number
Average Duration (minutes)
Halts – U.S.
709
1,422
Halts – Nordics & Baltics
983
412.6
Pauses – U.S.
9,260
7.2
Pauses – Nordics & Baltics
16,362
1.6
Number of Disruptions
Downtime (minutes)
U.S.
Europe
22,740,033
U.S. Options
1,877,256
Canadian Equities
732,236
Nordic Equities
787,877
Nordic Equity Options and Futures
91,627
Nordic Fixed Income Options and Futures
U.S. Equities
U.S. Options
Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information
Total number of unique customers affected by data breaches, including those whose personal
data was compromised
Number of Traded Contracts
2,530,831,198
13,361,621
Canadian Equities
289,573,497
Nordic Equities
2,014,127,334
Nordic Fixed Income Options and Futures
Total number of data breaches
149
Daily Volume Traded, 2025
Nordic Equity Options and Futures Nordic Equities
Managing Business Continuity & Technology Risks, 2025
Number of Trades Executed
U.S. Equities
Type
Market Disruptions, 2025
Region
Type
220,553
27,367
GRI 406-1
SASB FN-EX-410a.1, SASB FN-EX-410a.2, SASB FN-EX-550a.1, SASB FN-EX-550a.2, SASB FN-EX-000.A, SASB FN-EX-000.B
70
Environmental Data
GHG Emissions
For more information on year-over-year emissions changes see the Reducing and Neutralizing our GHG Emissions section of the report.
Note: All emission data was calculated in accordance with the GHG Protocol
guidelines.
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions
Scope 31
2025 Emissions
(MT CO2e)
2024 Emissions8
2023 Emissions
Annual MT Difference
2025 vs. 2024
Annual % Difference
2025 vs. 2024
(65)
(82%)
Office Space and Data Centers (location-based)
19,240
19,676
99
1%
Office Space and Data Centers (market-based)
271
229
962
42
58,246
69,950
(13,887)
(24%)
6,846
6,174
(282)
(4%)
1,187
1,224
3,317
279%
126
130
64
06. Business Travel4
12,496
22,384
(4,840)
(39%)
07. Employee Commuting
4,122
2,638
(909)
(22%)
08. Upstream Leased Assets3,5
242
216
13. Downstream Leased Assets2,6
(12)
(43%)
On-Site Combustion
01. Purchased Goods & Services
02. Capital Goods
03. Fuel- & Energy-Related Activities
05. Waste Generated in Operations
3,487
4,074
1,593
46%
Scope 3 Sub-Total
(14,877)
(17%)
(14,843)
(14%)
Total (location-based)7
1	Categories 4, 9, 10, 11, 12, and 14 were not included, as they are not
applicable to Nasdaq’s business operations.
2 Calculated using market-based methodology.
3	Nasdaq accounts for landlord consumed natural gas, diesel, and fugitive
refrigerants in Category 8 upstream leased assets since we occupy leased
commercial office space and do not have operational control over the
landlord’s consumption.
4	Updated airfare GHG emission rates to EPA with the retirement of a travel
platform.
5	Upstream leased assets include emissions from operation of assets leased
by the Company and not included in Scope 1 and 2.
6	Downstream leased assets include emissions from operations of assets
leased to other entities.
7	The total for all scopes integrates location-based Scope 2 emissions, not
market-based Scope 2 emissions.
8	Nasdaq recalculated 2024 data in 2025 using more accurate estimations
than those available at the time of initial reporting, resulting in some minor
differences between previously reported and recalculated 2024 emissions.
GRI 305-1, GRI 305-2, GRI 305-3
Energy Consumption
The table below shows the emissions per full time employee and per each million of U.S. dollars of revenue.
The table below breaks down energy consumption within Nasdaq.
Energy Consumption within Nasdaq (MWh)
Net Revenue ($ in millions)
5,249
Non Renewable Fuel
Employee Headcount
Scope 1:
Scope 2:
Scope 1 and Scope 2:
1,493
953
1,175
204
393
101
1,697
1,346
1,276
77,711
69,763
67,354
Emissions per
Employee
Emissions per
$ Million Revenue
On-Site Combustion
0.00
0.00
Sub-Total
Location-based
2.03
3.68
Pre-negotiated renewable energy & vPPAs
62,080
52,839
54,116
Sub-Total Non-Renewable Fuel Consumed
Electricity, Steam, Heat, and Cooling
Electricity (Scope 2)
Sub-Total
2.03
3.68
Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs)
15,631
16,924
11,191
19,353
4.67
8.45
Sub-Total Renewable Electricity Consumed
69,763
65,307
0.69
1.25
% of Renewable Electricity2
97%
3. Fuel- & Energy-Related Activities1
0.47
0.86
Steam, Heat, and District Cooling
1,697
1,012
379
0.02
0.04
Sub-Total Electricity, Steam, Heat and Cooling Consumed
79,408
70,775
67,733
1.46
Total Energy Consumption
81,105
72,121
69,009
5. Waste
Scope 3:
Natural Gas1
Diesel
0.81
0.34
0.61
1 Includes both direct and indirect fuels consumed.
0.03
0.06
2 No renewable electricity consumed by Adenza for 2023.
0.53
0.97
The table below shows a breakdown by region of the Company’s total energy use across Scope 1 and Scope 2
categories.
7.57
13.70
9.60
17.38
8. Upstream Leased Assets
TOTAL (Location-based)
1 Includes both direct and indirect fuels consumed.
GRI 302-1, GRI 302-2, GRI 302-3, GRI 305-4
MWh
Americas
49
60,569
60,618
51,934
51,965
34
50,685
50,719
EMEA
15,184
15,184
11
15,161
15,172
68
13,445
13,513
APAC
3,655
3,675
3,680
3,682
26
3,603
3,629
69
79,408
79,477
44
70,775
70,819
128
67,733
67,861
72
Total Energy Consumption and Electricity Consumption by Country
The table below breaks down 2025 total energy consumption and electricity consumption by country.
Country
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 Energy
Consumption (MWh/Year)
Total Electricity Consumption
(MWh/Year)
Renewable Electricity
(MWh/Year)
% Renewable Electricity
Total Scope 2 Location Based Emissions
Total Scope 2 Market Based Emissions
1,267
1,267
279
Belgium
Brazil
6,477
5,938
5,938
197
65
Canada
Chile
12
China
Colombia
Denmark
264
264
Estonia
54
Finland
131
131
France
196
196
Georgia
Germany
169
169
53
Hong Kong
Iceland
India
1,212
1,192
1,192
876
Israel
Italy
Japan
Latvia
47
47
83
Lithuania
1,555
1,081
1,081
149
Mexico
Netherlands
329
329
76
Norway
107
107
Philippines
472
472
365
Poland
77
77
40
Portugal
Singapore
645
645
237
South Korea
Spain
Sweden
11,617
11,472
11,472
142
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
485
485
86
United States
54,063
53,475
53,475
16,709
97
Note: Totals may not sum due to rounding.
GRI 302-1, GRI 302-2
73
Energy Use (MWh)
The table below breaks down the Company’s total energy use across Scope 1 and Scope 2 categories by country.
1,504
1,504
1,481
1,481
6,465
6,477
5,661
5,661
3,788
3,790
27
221
221
25
164
164
182
182
117
117
Georgia
245
245
334
334
136
136
51
99
1,212
1,082
1,084
1,110
1,136
1,555
1,786
1,786
716
716
78
78
920
920
318
318
327
327
46
243
243
29
644
644
685
685
11,617
11,053
11,064
68
10,079
10,147
973
973
1,115
1,115
54,026
54,063
46,137
46,168
32
45,910
45,942
70,819
128
GRI 302-1, GRI 302-2
74
Waste
Water
The tables below represent the disposal and treatment of waste generated in Nasdaq’s global operations. See page
28 for more details on waste.
Water consumption data represented in the tables below was obtained directly from utility providers and/or from
landlords or data center operators. See page 29 for more details on water consumption.
Waste and Recycling (Weight)
Waste and Recycling Emissions (MT CO2e)
Water Consumption1,2
Water Emissions
Region
Water (Kiloliters)
Emissions (MT CO2e)
Incinerated
Landfilled
Recycled/
Composted
Incinerated
Landfilled
Recycled/
Composted
Americas
41,656
277
174
152
EMEA
12,072
APAC
1,865
55,593
330
233
166
Water Consumption1,2
Water Emissions
Waste and Recycling (Weight)
Waste and Recycling Emissions (MT CO2e)
Water (Kiloliters)
Emissions (MT CO2e)
29,874
14,822
12,711
57,407
28,311
14,188
92
88
45
166
175
96
Waste and Recycling Emissions (MT CO2e)
115
127
58
186
225
95
Note: Nasdaq has implemented a program to periodically audit the waste of our key offices. Whenever possible, Nasdaq’s actual waste was included in
the calculation; otherwise, a proportional share was determined using occupied square footage. If waste data was completely unavailable, estimates were
based on an average per square foot for waste from collected waste audits.
GRI 303-5, GRI 306-3, GRI 306-4, GRI 306-5
7,675
50,174
1	For Nasdaq office space water consumption, where the only data available was aggregated for the entire building, the Nasdaq portion of the water was
calculated based on the percentage of Nasdaq occupied space within the building. Where no water consumption data at all could be obtained for a
Nasdaq office location, data was calculated using assumptions based on the number of employees, the square footage of the office, the infrastructure
within the building, and the green certification for the building (if applicable).
2	For Nasdaq data center water consumption, where only data aggregated from the operator was available, the Nasdaq portion of the water was
calculated based on the percentage of racks within the datacenter occupied by Nasdaq. Where no water consumption data could be obtained for a
Nasdaq datacenter location, data was calculated using assumptions based on the number of racks occupied by Nasdaq, the infrastructure within the
building, and the green certification for the building (if applicable).
75
Workforce Data
Unless otherwise indicated, social data tables exclude employees of non-wholly owned consolidated subsidiaries.
Note that some percentage totals may not add up to 100% due to rounding to the closest tenth decimal point.
Global Workforce by Gender and Employee Type
Full-time male employees
5,985
Full-time female employees
3,390
Full-time undisclosed/not available employees
Part-time male employees
Part-time female employees
Part-time undisclosed/not available employees
Total full-time and part-time employees
Employees of non-wholly owned consolidated subsidiaries
Total employees
Fixed-term or temporary contract – male available employees¹
Fixed-term or temporary contract – female available employees¹
Fixed-term or temporary contract – undisclosed/not available employees¹
Total fixed-term or temporary contract employees
Note: Data on this page uses the traditional gender categories of male and female as required in our reports to the U.S. government.
1 Fixed term or temporary contract employees are employed for a limited period of time.
Overall Employee Turnover Rates
Voluntary
5.6%
Involuntary
4.1%
Total Turnover Rate
9.7%
Average Number of Employees1
Average employee number
9,344
1 Average of the total number of employees from current reporting period (2025) and last reporting period (2024).
Regional Breakdown of Workforce by Gender
Americas – male
2,696
Americas – female
1,489
Americas – undisclosed/not available employees
Total number of Americas employees
4,229
EMEA – male
1,529
EMEA – female
913
EMEA – undisclosed/not available employees
Total number of EMEA employees
2,449
Asia – male
1,790
Asia – female
1,027
Asia – undisclosed/not available employees
Total number of Asia employees
2,828
Total number of employees
GRI 2-7, GRI 2-8, GRI 401-1, GRI 405-1
SASB TC-SI-330a.3
WEF Core 11, WEF Core 17
76
2025 Workforce by Gender and Country1
Female
Male
Undisclosed/
Not Available
2025 Workforce
by Level
Executive
Senior
Mid
Entry
(VP and Above)
(Sr. Director and Above)
(Specialist and Above)
(Technician and Above)
United States of America
869
1,444
2,325
Gender
580
1,256
1,837
77.1%
69.0%
64.2%
57.6%
529
1,060
1,619
22.9%
30.5%
35.3%
41.3%
205
549
755
Undisclosed /not available
0.0%
0.4%
0.5%
1.1%
282
325
611
Race and Ethnicity (U.S. Only)
288
218
515
White
76.5%
65.1%
61.3%
53.8%
106
218
324
Asian
10.4%
17.7%
19.5%
17.8%
84
303
Black
5.5%
3.7%
6.2%
12.1%
151
230
Hispanic
2.2%
4.8%
5.7%
7.6%
101
162
Two or more
1.2%
2.0%
3.7%
52
75
Pacific Islander
0.2%
63
140
Native American
36
Undisclosed /not available
4.4%
7.3%
5.1%
4.3%
All other countries
135
220
355
3,429
6,015
1 For countries with over 50 employees.
GRI 405-1
WEF Core 11
2025 Workforce at the Management Level
Leadership
Team1
Top Management
Positions2,3
Managerial
Positions3
Jr. Management
Positions3,4
Management-level Employees in
Revenue Generating Functions
Management-level Employees
in STEM Related Fields5
66.7%
72.2%
68.3%
60.5%
57.6%
80.9%
33.3%
27.8%
31.4%
38.7%
42.4%
18.1%
Undisclosed/not available
0.3%
0.8%
1.0%
1 Includes Chief Executive Officer and their direct reports, and excludes Executive Vice Chairman position.
2 Includes Executive Vice Presidents (EVP) and Senior Vice Presidents (SVP).
3 Manager is defined by a Nasdaq regular employee with at least one direct report.
4 Includes Managers and Specialists as first level management positions.
5	Positions include Broadcast Engineering, Cloud Engineering, Data Center Operations, Data Engineering, Data Scientist, Database Administration, DevOps, Econ & Stat Research, Enterprise Architect, HRIS, Information Security, IT Operations, Network Engineer, Product Development, Quantitative Engineer,
Software Engineer, Surveillance, Technical Writer, System Administration, Web Development.
2025 Workforce by Age
Under 30 Years
30-50 Years
Over 50 Years
Total Workforce
22.7%
63.8%
13.6%
21.1%
63.4%
15.4%
25.0%
64.5%
10.4%
40.0%
51.7%
8.3%
18.4%
54.5%
27.1%
19.8%
58.0%
22.2%
13.7%
60.2%
26.1%
23.5%
53.0%
23.5%
26.5%
61.2%
12.2%
40.0%
20.0%
100.0%
6.5%
69.1%
24.4%
Gender
Race and Ethnicity (U.S. Only)
Note: Calculations exclude undisclosed age.
GRI 2-7, GRI 405-1
WEF Core 11
Internal Hires
Open positions filled by internal hires
31.1%
Local Hires
Percentage of senior management1 at significant locations of operation2 that are hired from the
local community3
New and Internal Hires
Total Workforce
1,259
1	Senior management includes CEO, Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President, Vice President, Associate Vice President, President, Senior Director
/ Principal.
2 Nasdaq locations that have 200 or more employees.
Hires by Age
Under 30 years
43.5%
30-50 years
51.8%
Over 50 years
4.7%
Hires by Gender
3	For offices outside the U.S., the local community is defined as the same country; for U.S. offices, it is the same state, with the exception of New York
City, which includes employees from New Jersey and Connecticut, and Washington DC, which includes employees from Virginia and Maryland.
Employees with Disabilities (U.S. Only)
Employees who self-identify as having a disability
1.5%
61.4%
Parental Leave (U.S. Only)
37.4%
Female employees who took paid parental leave
1.2%
Male employees who took paid parental leave
Hires by Level
Executive (VP and above)
0.8%
Senior (Sr. Director and above)
6.2%
Mid (Specialist and above)
44.4%
Entry (Technician and above)
48.6%
Undisclosed and unavailable employees who took paid parental leave
Female employees who returned to work after paid parental leave ended
Male employees who returned to work after paid parental leave ended
Undisclosed and unavailable employees who returned to work after paid parental leave ended
Note: All regular full-time and part-time U.S. Nasdaq employees scheduled to work 20 hours or more per week are eligible for paid parental leave.
Hires by Race and Ethnicity (U.S. Only)
61.4%
15.1%
7.2%
6.9%
2.7%
6.7%
1	Number of employees who took parental leave in 2025 and remained employed through December 31, 2025. Employees who do not return to work in
2026 are not included in this count.
GRI 202-2, GRI 401-1, GRI 401-3, GRI 405-1
WEF Core 17
Our Support of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
Nasdaq’s public commitment to sustainable development and socially responsible business practices began in 2012 at the Rio+20 conference, where Nasdaq was one of five founding signatories to the UN Sustainable Stock Exchanges
(SSE) Initiative. Since 2012, Nasdaq has also been a proud participant of the UN Global Compact (UNGC), a non-binding pact that encourages businesses to adopt sustainable and socially responsible practices, report on their progress,
and advance the achievement of the SDGs. The SDGs are 17 global goals and 169 targets adopted by all UN Member States in 2015 with the aim of achieving a better and more sustainable future for all.
SDG
Our Progress in 2025
SDG-Aligned Initiatives
8 | Decent Work and Economic Growth: Promote
• Provided all-inclusive fee structure, encouraging growth of SMEs
Listings (U.S)
sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full
and productive employment and decent work for all
9 | Industry, Innovation, and Infrastructure: Build
• Provided curated content specifically for the SME community through Nasdaq Amplify, including timely articles, editorials, and market and regulatory updates
• Nine companies transferred from Nasdaq’s First North Growth Market to Nasdaq’s Main Market in 2025
First North Growth Market (Nordics and Baltics)
• Delivered over 16,000 touchpoints to entrepreneurs across over 100 countries, including emerging economies
Nasdaq Entrepreneurial Center
• Advanced our partnership with AWS to deliver cloud-based infrastructure, supporting market modernization and enhancing access for international investors
Capital Markets Technology
resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable
SDG Targets
8.3
9.a
industrialization and foster innovation
10 | Reduced Inequalities: Reduce inequality within and
among countries
12 | Responsible Consumption and Production: Ensure
sustainable consumption and production patterns
13 | Climate Action: Take urgent action to combat climate
change and its impacts
• Selected by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) to modernize market oversight through automated alerts and cross‑market analytics
Regulatory Technology
across traditional and digital asset classes
10.2
• Introduced Agentic AI Workforce to automate high-volume anti-money laundering compliance tasks for banks
• Sustainability & Climate Advisory launched a team to specifically support clients with advanced climate strategy, GHG accounting, and decarbonization needs
Sustainability Solutions
• Expanded Nasdaq Metrio’s regulatory reporting capabilities to deliver CSRD workflows aligned to ESRS
• Continued our climate strategy and green certifications
12.6
Decarbonization and Climate Strategy
• Maintained our carbon neutrality program and science-based targets
• Expanded our engagement with our top suppliers encouraging them to disclose their environmental data through CDP’s Climate Change survey
Evaluating and Engaging Our Supply Chain
• Reached 657K CO2 Removal Certificates issued on behalf of suppliers, up 62% from 2024
13.3
• 109 certified projects from 22 countries in 2025
17 | Partnerships for the Goals: Strengthen the means of
• > €88 billion of total listed outstanding sustainable debt volume (+ 21% from 2024)
Nasdaq Sustainable Debt Market
• > 2,200 total issuers (+18% from 2024)
Nasdaq Sustainable Bond Network
• Continued our memberships with: Accounting for Sustainability (A4S), Business Roundtable (BRT) “Purpose of a Corporation”, CDP Supply Chain, Science
Memberships
implementation and revitalize the Global Partnership for
Based Targets initiative (SBTi), Taskforce on Nature-Related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) Forum, United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), United Nations
Sustainable Development
Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI), United Nations Sustainable Stock Exchange (SSE) Initiative, World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) – Sustainability
17.16
Working Group
For more information on the UN SDGs and related targets please visit https://sdgs.un.org/goals.
81
Additional Resources
Priority Sustainability Topics Glossary
Assurance Statements
The following reports, policies and practice
statements are available online in our
Corporate Sustainability Resource Center.
Business Ethics and Integrity Addresses the Company’s approach
Innovation and Technology Addresses the Company’s ability
to compliance with regulations on ethical conduct of business,
to cultivate innovation, enhance productivity, and add value for
including fraud prevention, anti-corruption and bribery, fiduciary
customers, including leveraging technology and data for insights,
Independent Limited Assurance Statement on Nasdaq’s GHG
Emissions, Energy Consumption and Workforce Data
responsibilities, and protection of employees against retaliation.
investing in employee skills, and considering impacts of artificial
Policies & Statements
Climate, Environment, and Energy Addresses the Company’s
intelligence and other emerging technologies.
approach to minimizing Nasdaq’s environmental footprint and
Labor Practices and Human Rights Addresses the Company’s
Modern Slavery Transparency Statement
natural resource consumption, managing risks associated with
policies and procedures to prevent discrimination and ensure basic
the global transition to a lower carbon economy, including the
human rights, and its ability to uphold fair labor practices in the
energy transition, and acknowledging grid resilience as critical to
workplace and across its supply chain.
operational success.
Human Rights Practices Statement
Support for Small- & Medium-Sized Enterprises Addresses the
Community Engagement Addresses the Company’s trust and
Company’s efforts to enable small- and medium-sized enterprises
goodwill in local communities, community engagement efforts, and
to grow by providing access to the capital markets.
social and economic impact in local communities.
Sustainability-Related Products and Services Addresses the
Corporate Governance, Transparency, and Reporting Addresses
Company’s approach to market demand for sustainability-related
the Company’s responsibility for oversight, policies and procedures
products and services, ability to integrate sustainability in its
that demonstrate strong corporate and sustainability governance
business segments, and the offering of products or services which
and supply chain management, including risks and benefits
provide an added sustainability value.
Occupational Health and Safety Statement
Information Protection and Privacy Practices
Code of Ethics
Nasdaq Code of Ethics
associated with sustainability disclosures.
Corruption, Bribery and Anti-Financial Crime Addresses the
Company’s mitigation of corruption, bribery and financial crime,
associated risks, and development of financial crime management
technology.
Customer Relationship Management Addresses the Company’s
SEC Filings
engagement with customers on Nasdaq’s products suite, including
2026 Proxy Statement
Data Privacy and Cybersecurity Addresses the Company’s
2025 Form 10-K
Corporate Sustainability FAQ
Sustainability Report Summary
Microsite
The Proxy Statement and Form 10-K are not incorporated
by reference into this Sustainability Report.
Nasdaq’s 2025 GHG emissions (including Scope 1, Scope 2, and all
applicable upstream and downstream Scope 3 emissions) energy
consumption, and workforce data (related to employee workforce, turnover,
and hires) were verified by a third-party assurance provider, Keramida, Inc.
to a limited level of assurance. More details on the scope, standards, and
Keramida’s conclusion can be found in the assurance statements available
for download on our Corporate Sustainability Resource Center.
2025 Assurance Statement – GHG Emissions
2025 Assurance Statement – Workforce
Indexes
We align our sustainability reporting with global frameworks for a variety
of stakeholders. The indexes below are available for download on our
Corporate Sustainability Resource Center.
potential customers’ environmental and/or social impacts.
protection of internal Nasdaq information and the strategy,
policies, and practices related to mechanisms used to help ensure
security of both customer and internal data.
Human Capital Management and Culture Addresses the
Company’s compliance practices regarding local employment laws
and regulations. Additionally, it addresses the Company’s initiatives
2025 Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index
2025 Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index
2025 World Economic Forum (WEF) Index
2025 UN Global Compact Communication on Progress (UNGC CoP)
and processes related to recruiting and retaining top talent,
supporting employee professional development, and promoting
workforce health and well-being.
GRI 3-2, GRI 2-5
WEF Core 3
82
Disclaimers
This report focuses on Nasdaq’s operations from January 1, 2025 through December 31, 2025, unless otherwise indicated. The report uses qualitative descriptions and quantitative metrics to describe our policies, programs, practices,
and performance. Note that many of the standards and metrics used in preparing this report continue to evolve and are based on management assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation but should not be
considered guarantees. In addition, historical, current, and forward-looking sustainability-related statements may be based on standards that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions
that are subject to change. Unless otherwise noted, the information and opinions contained in this report are provided as of the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. Nasdaq is not required, and does not
undertake, to update or revise any such statements.
The use of the term “material” in, information included in, and any issues identified as material for purposes of, this document may not be considered material within the meaning of such term for federal or state securities law purposes.
In the context of this disclosure, the term “material” is distinct from and should not be confused with, such term as defined for SEC reporting purposes. The information and data in this report cover Nasdaq’s owned and operated
businesses and does not address the performance or operations of our suppliers or contractors unless otherwise noted.
The report includes information on priority topics that we have identified as significant relating to sustainability matters based on an assessment conducted in 2025. For more information on our priority sustainability topics, please see
page 8 of this report. All financial information is presented in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted.
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This report contains forward-looking statements relating to Nasdaq’s operations that are based on management’s current expectations, estimates, and projections regarding the sustainability matters described in this report. In making
these statements, we rely upon assumptions and analysis based on our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, and expected future developments, as well as other factors we consider appropriate under the
circumstances. We believe these judgments are reasonable, but these statements are not guarantees of any future events or financial results.
Words or phrases such as “anticipate,” “aim”, “can”, “expect”, “estimate,” “intend”, “plan”, “target”, “believe”, “may”, “could”, “will”, “goals”, “objectives”, “strategies”, “opportunities”, and similar expressions are intended to identify such
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, (i) statements about our climate or sustainability policies, programs, products, offerings, or initiatives, (ii) statements about our future
sustainability actions, commitments, and goals, including those related to our carbon net-zero program and carbon neutrality program, and other aspirational goals, (iii) statements about our assessment of priority sustainability topics
and related future plans and goals, (iv) statements about our integrations of our acquisitions, including the acquisition of Adenza, and (v) other statements that are not historical facts.
Nasdaq cautions readers that any forward-looking information is not a guarantee of future performance. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties, or other factors beyond Nasdaq’s control that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, Nasdaq’s ability to implement its strategic initiatives; economic, political, and market conditions
and fluctuations; government and industry and regulatory changes; changes in tax credits, carbon markets, or in the regulation of greenhouse gases; the cost, quality, and availability of renewable energy, carbon removal, and carbon
offset projects; changes in greenhouse gas emissions and other sustainability metrics measurement, verification, or certification standards; Nasdaq’s ability to evaluate and engage with its key suppliers and value chain regarding their
carbon footprints and other sustainability initiatives; interest rate risk; U.S. and global competition; and other factors detailed in Nasdaq’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent annual report
on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which are available on Nasdaq’s investor relations website at ir.nasdaq.com and the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Nasdaq undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking
statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
Website references throughout this document are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this document.
83