Connect
& Thrive
Connect
& Thrive
Otis Worldwide Corporation
2025 Report
CONNECT & THRIVE | 2025
Our Business & Responsibilities
Health & Safety
A message from our CEO
Judy Marks, Chair, Chief Executive Officer and President
Moving 2.5 billion people every day is a
responsibility that goes beyond the distance
traveled. It’s about how safely, and reliably
people move through the world – today and
for generations to come.
Our vision – to give people freedom to connect
and thrive in a taller, faster, smarter world –
guides our strategy. It shapes how we make
decisions, how we invest and innovate, and
how we show up for customers, passengers
and communities around the world. Connect &
Thrive shows how our vision is put into practice
through a Service-driven approach, strong
governance and accountability, and disciplined
execution that drives performance.
As the world changes, so do the expectations
placed on our industry – from the performance
and reliability of aging infrastructure, to
the accessibility of the built environment,
to the responsible use of technology at
scale. Meeting these expectations requires
leadership, agility and resilience – shaped
by what we hear, learn and apply through
continuous engagement with those we
serve. It also requires that we embed
emerging technologies, including artificial
intelligence, with purpose and care, and
continue supporting structured learning and
development to build capability across our
organization.
Our efforts are organized around four pillars
that provide a consistent framework for how
we advance the Health & Safety of our
colleagues and the riding public; uphold high
standards of Governance & Accountability;
make thoughtful decisions about the
Environment & Impact of our operations;
and invest in People & Communities
through learning, development, engagement
and giving. These commitments are not
separate from how we run our business – they
are integral to it and support our mission and
our business strategy.
This is our legacy of leadership: giving people
freedom to connect and thrive by meeting
the needs of the moment while preparing for
what comes next.
With gratitude,
Judy Marks
Chair, Chief Executive Officer and President
Governance & Accountability
Environment & Impact
People & Communities
Appendix
2
CONNECT & THRIVE | 2025
Our Business & Responsibilities
Health & Safety
Governance & Accountability
Environment & Impact
People & Communities
Appendix
3
About Otis
Otis is the global leader in the manufacture, installation, service and modernization of elevators
and escalators, and a pioneer of elevator safety – and the industry – for more than 170 years.
We have global scale and local focus, with over 1,400 branches and offices and a direct physical
presence in more than 70 countries. And we maintain the world’s largest portfolio of elevators
and escalators with approximately 2.5 million customer units globally. As the world grows taller,
faster and smarter, and the population continues to age, elevator and escalator technologies are
becoming even more integral to modern life. At the same time, approximately 9 million of the
world’s 23 million installed elevator units are more than 20 years old and ready to be upgraded.
Our Service segment focuses on ongoing maintenance and repairs as well as the modernization
and refurbishment of elevators and escalators. We grow our maintenance portfolio by focusing
on service delivery, quality and trust – building long-term relationships with customers that
convert new installations into service, expand our reach beyond our installed base into non-Otis
equipment and support equipment performance and asset life through responsive and proactive
repair and modernization.
With customer needs and regulatory requirements continuing to evolve, we are implementing
initiatives across our operations, products and services that leverage innovative technologies and
artificial intelligence (AI) to support safer, more connected and reliable vertical transportation,
and help improve operational workflow, customer service and passenger experience.
Our digital tools help us work more efficiently and safely – moving from reactive to proactive
and from isolated actions to connected performance. By linking field insights with sales action,
our digital tools enable more informed, timely and consultative conversations. Through repair
and modernization, we apply these insights to upgrade aging assets with advanced, connected
technologies, helping enhance the reliability of that equipment while delivering more
comfortable passenger journeys.
Otis is a Service-driven, long-cycle business. New Equipment renews the innovation and
construction and installation cycle, while maintenance and repair and modernization drive longterm value for customers and sustained growth for the company. Our range of elevator and
escalator solutions includes our fully connected Gen3 and Gen360 platforms, SkyRise for high-rise
buildings and Link commercial escalators, among others, offering a variety of customer options.
In 2025, we continued to execute against our Service-driven strategy, strengthening performance
through service delivery, modernization orders and growth, and our continued focus on operational
excellence. Together, these efforts led to solid financial performance and a reinforced
commitment to value creation and long-term sustainable growth. Read more about Otis’
financial performance in our Annual Report.
How our vision aligns with our business strategy and mission
At Otis, sustainability-related strategies are integrated into how we run our business – supporting our vision and
reinforcing our customer-centric, service-oriented mission. Together with our Otis Absolutes of Safety, Ethics
and Quality, our pillars of Health & Safety, Governance & Accountability, Environment & Impact and People &
Communities work in concert with our strategic imperatives to help drive action and value creation.
Why this matters to our business
Health & Safety:
Protecting our colleagues, customers, passengers and subcontractors
We are in the life-safety business. Safety isn’t just a policy; it’s a promise to our colleagues and the
riding public that they return home healthy, unharmed and safe. Prioritizing safety and wellbeing
leads to operational effectiveness, improved colleague engagement and productivity, and
enhanced customer trust.
Governance & Accountability:
Building stakeholder confidence through deliberate risk management
We are guided by our Otis Absolutes: Safety, Ethics and Quality. When we uphold high standards
of governance and accountability and live up to our commitments, we build trust with key
stakeholders, manage potential reputational and business continuity risks, and reinforce our
position as an industry leader.
Environment & Impact:
Focusing on operational efficiency and business resilience
We are committed to environmental sustainability as a business strategy. We implement projects
and programs to address the environmental impacts of our operations, products and services, and
advance digitalization and smart technology to develop product and service solutions relevant to
customer expectations and operational needs.
People & Communities:
Building a thriving and empowered workforce and strong talent pipeline
We position ourselves to attract, develop and retain the best talent in the market – fundamental
to building our next-generation workforce, improving performance, sustaining innovation and
industry leadership, and delivering on our customer-centric, service-oriented mission. We proudly
engage in the communities where we live and work to inspire interest in our dynamic industry.
4
5
2025 Highlights
Continued the integration of the “Stuff That can
Kill You” (STKY) framework into our risk-based
programs, leveraging learning from past events
and increasing awareness of high energy hazard
categories most critical to Otis
Evolved our sustainability-related governance to
functional lead level under direct oversight of our
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and ultimately the
Otis Board of Directors through the Nominations
and Governance Committee
Launched new product and service features,
designed to help improve operational workflow
and efficiency
Continued positive trend under our annual pulse
colleague engagement survey, with all scores
remaining stable or increasing
Launched a 2025 Corrective Action Plan (CAP)
campaign focused on improving field risk
assessment and hoisting and rigging training
Delivered measurable cybersecurity improvements
by strengthening security controls across our
products, services and corporate network, reducing
risk and enhancing resilience to evolving threats
Achieved greenhouse gas emissions reductions
of 19.5% for scope 1 & 2 and 29.8% for scope 3
Categories 1, 6 and 11, both relative to a 2021
baseline
Transitioned our colleague-led employee resource
groups (ERGs) to business resource groups (BRGs),
with programming aligned to our 4C pillars of
Career, Community, Culture and Customer
Continued the global implementation of factory
energy best management practices, with six
factories achieving 100% completion
Launched new and enhanced learning and
development programs focused on field professionals
and front-line managers
Expanded renewable energy usage at several of
our factories and offices
Embedded global reasonable accommodation and
workplace adjustment framework in talent and
learning and development programs
Strengthened our subcontractor partner risk
management program with updated assessment
criteria to address root causes identified in
incident investigations
Completed our sixth annual Season of Safety
event, focused on “All Safe: Alert Today, Alive
Tomorrow”
Enhanced our global learning management system
platform and broadened its deployment
Expanded our field feedback program to additional
targeted operations
Launched biannual Environment, Health & Safety
(EH&S) townhall meetings with global EH&S
colleagues, to share best practices and upcoming
developments
Adopted our enterprise accessibility strategy,
establishing our vision for independent access
to vertical transportation for the riding public –
especially aging populations and people with
disabilities
Implemented AI governance framework with
strong controls and processes
Launched an AI pilot program for OTISLINE in
Spain, for an enhanced customer experience
Matured and deployed our Customer Advocacy
process to all Otis regions and provided new
supplier performance reporting tools
Reinforced our commitment to Ethics as an Otis
Absolute through global campaign events and a
global field training on conflicts of interest
Implemented enhanced mandatory human rights
training for all Otis procurement colleagues
Recognized, among other awards, as one of:
•
America’s Greenest Companies, America’s Most
Responsible Companies, and Most Trustworthy
Companies in America, by Newsweek;
•
World’s Most Admired Companies and World’s
Best Employers, by Fortune;
America’s Best Employers, by Forbes; and
World’s Most Sustainable Companies and
World’s Best Companies, by TIME magazine
Continued the integration of our electric vehicle
(EV) fleet
Earned four additional zero-waste-to-landfill
(ZWTL) certifications, with one factory achieving
Gold status
Embedded sustainability-related criteria into
a new digital supplier bidding tool, increasing
sustainability considerations into our global
supplier selection process
Strengthened the procedures for our on-site audit
of suppliers with additional environmental and
human rights risk emphasis
Provided training materials to help our suppliers
navigate the carbon accounting process and
support the development of their greenhouse gas
emissions reduction programs
Engaged in recruiting events via Disability:IN
and a neurodiversity workshop through the
University of Connecticut’s Wells Fargo Center for
Neurodiversity and Inclusive Employment
Reached a total of nearly 100 Science, Technology,
Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) grants
awarded under our Made to Move Communities
program since its inception
Grew long-standing partnership with Special
Olympics by supporting its Unified Sports®
program
Expanded our Elevating Communities Champions
spotlights, highlighting Otis volunteers monthly
Supported Otis colleagues impacted by major
natural disasters through the Otis Colleague
Disaster Relief Fund
Health and safety is central to Otis. We prioritize the safety of our colleagues and subcontractors and empower them to speak up and stop work if concerns arise. Equally important, we uphold rigorous compliance with codes and
internal requirements that safeguard the riding public through the design, manufacturing, installation, and service of our products, helping to minimize operational disruptions and instill stakeholders’ trust and confidence in our
products and services.
Governance, strategy and metrics
Our health and safety management program focuses on four key strategic elements:
(i) governance and systems; (ii) risk management; (iii) culture; and (iv) education. We have
global safety and high-risk work activity standards to mitigate risks from the methods and
tools our field professionals use to install, modernize and service elevators and escalators. Our
management systems are based on ISO 45001, Occupational Health and Safety Management
Systems, with over 87% of our factories ISO 45001-certified.
The Otis Board of Directors (the Board) oversees our health and safety strategies through the
Nominations and Governance Committee, with cross-functional councils and workstreams
developing and implementing these strategies and their related standards at the management
level.
The Field Safety Council – composed of global and regional leaders from EH&S, Field
Operations and Engineering departments – develops standardized procedures and
measures aimed at reducing improvisation and helping to limit serious incidents in the field.
The Factory EH&S Council – consisting of global, regional and factory EH&S managers and
leaders – discusses common safety challenges and progress on global safety initiatives,
program enhancements and shared best practices.
To assess the success of our health and safety programs, we track and report several lagging
and leading indicators to senior leadership regularly. Our lagging indicators include metrics
such as Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR), Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) and fatal injuries.
We look at this data to implement additional tooling and protective measures in locations
where we see an increased trend and adjust our training programs accordingly.
In 2025, the Otis colleagues’ TRIR of 0.59 and LTIR of 0.21 continued to demonstrate our
dedication to maintaining high standards for the health and safety of our Otis colleagues.
These incidents tend to be minor in severity. They include: (i) minor sprains and strains,
(ii) cuts and lacerations and (iii) fractures.
In 2025, we unfortunately incurred two fatalities on jobsites in work-related incidents.
The first incident involved a subcontractor being struck by falling objects, and the second
resulted from a subcontractor’s electrocution – representing the third and fifth leading
causes of fatal incidents in our industry, respectively. Each of these incidents triggered our
Significant Safety Event program (as explained on the next page), with over 95% global
leadership engagement.
We also track leading indicators such as key safety-training completion rates, operations and
Otis colleague audit scores, including Focused Field Audit and Fatality Prevention Audit scores,
and our annual pulse colleague engagement survey results. Focused Field Audits are designed
to measure our field operations’ compliance with our global field safety and management
system requirements while Fatality Prevention Audits are used to evaluate the performance of
field colleagues on activities related to working on elevators and escalators.
Educating and engaging field colleagues and partners
We educate our field professionals and subcontractor partners on many safety principles,
including our Cardinal Rules – our fundamental work-safety principles – through a wide range
of safety training programs, events and other engagement channels offered throughout the
year.
Field professionals and subcontractor partners are first introduced to our Cardinal Rules during
their on-boarding process with Otis, with subsequent formal refresher training conducted
periodically. They must follow these rules to address hazards in our industry – from avoiding
falls in the hoistway to controlling equipment movement during service and adhering to
electrical safe work practices. Violations of our Cardinal Rules are fully investigated and may
result in disciplinary action up to and including termination.
We also completed our sixth annual Season of Safety event returning to our core principle: All
Safe. The theme for 2025 was “All Safe: Alert Today, Alive Tomorrow.” Throughout the season, we
emphasized STKY awareness and empowered our field associates and subcontractor partners
to stop work when facing unsafe conditions or observing unsafe behaviors, regardless of their
experience or position. STKY is a framework developed by the Construction Safety Research
Alliance and further refined by Otis using simple visual icons in the form of an energy wheel to
help our field mechanics identify high-energy hazards and plan and mitigate risks. This Season
of Safety ran for more than three months, and included over 110,000 touchpoints throughout
many global, regional and local events.
6
To support the success of our health and safety programs, we regularly enhance our learning tools.
In 2025, we updated our global learning management system platform with additional topics
and language capabilities and expanded its deployment.
We also integrated the STKY framework into our existing risk-based programs, leveraging
learning from past incidents and increasing awareness of high energy hazard categories most
critical to Otis.
Additionally, we enhance our programs and increase health and safety knowledge through CAP
campaigns and various other colleague engagements. Our 2025 CAP campaign focused on field
risk assessment enhancement and hoisting and rigging training. And we continue to gather
valuable insights and suggestions from our Otis colleagues on potential health and safety
solutions and corrective actions as part of our Significant Safety Event program. Under this
program, within three business days of being informed of a work-related fatality incident, people
managers are required to lead impactful team discussions about what Otis colleagues can do to
ensure safety is recognized as an Otis Absolute every day.
We enable our Otis colleagues to provide thoughts on our safety programs and work practices
through our field feedback program, which we continued to expand in 2025 to reach targeted
operations. And we share information, best practices and upcoming developments with our global
EH&S colleagues through our newly established biannual EH&S townhall meetings.
Inspections, audits, reports and corrective actions
We review risks on active jobsites through prestart inspections and Fatality Prevention Audits.
We also assess subcontractor partner risks annually to identify higher-risk subcontractors and
develop individualized subcontractor action plans that we track at local and regional levels and
review at the global level. In 2025, we strengthened our subcontractor partner risk management
approach with updated assessment criteria to address root causes identified in incident
investigations. These improvements are designed to enhance engagement between supervisors
and subcontractor partners and ensure increased supervisor presence on job sites.
A core element of our safety framework is our Stop Work Authority (SWA) program. Under this
program, any colleague or subcontractor is empowered to stop work on any job, during any
activity, at any time if they have a safety concern – and then raise the concern without risk of
retaliation. Over 19,000 SWA events were raised in the field in 2025, demonstrating our continued
commitment to incident prevention with a robust speak-up culture.
In addition, per Otis policy, Otis colleagues and subcontractors must report all incidents involving
injuries, serious near miss-incidents and potential serious injury incidents to their respective
supervisors. In turn, supervisors must investigate and report “reportable injuries” – defined as
injuries resulting in a fatality, serious injury, lost time case, restricted duty case, job transfer or
medical treatment – to branch management and their local EH&S representative. The EH&S
7
representative is responsible for ensuring that all incidents covered by the policy are reported in
our safety data management system within seven days of occurrence. Incident investigations are
then coordinated by the impacted operation. When fatal or serious events occur, we identify and
implement immediate corrective actions, track them to closure and assess their applicability for
global implementation. We also develop related supplemental training and safety tools.
The safety of our passengers
The safety of our passengers is paramount to Otis as we move 2.5 billion people every day. We
focus on smart, connected designs and features that enhance passenger safety and equipment
reliability.
Examples of our safety features include:
Our sensor-equipped escalators and moving walkways that run only when passengers
approach or operate at reduced speeds when there are no riders to reduce entrapment or
tripping hazards.
Our Automatic Rescue Operation feature that brings passengers to the nearest floor during a
power outage (as illustrated with the 2025 mass power outage events in Spain and Portugal).
Our Otis ONE Internet of Things (IoT) solution that allows us to perform frequent and
recurring remote assessments of many critical safety systems, further improving the
reliability of our units.
Our PESSRAL control system equipped on many of our new elevators that provides more
information about the operating condition of the elevator and reacts dynamically to safely
resolve issues without halting operations.
Our eView in-car display that enables an instant connection with OTISLINE – our 24/7/365
customer care center – via secure digital voice or video calls for added passenger reassurance
in case of an emergency.
In addition, our robust quality processes and controls contribute directly to the safety and
reliability of our equipment and ultimately our passengers’ safety. As part of our quality process,
we test our products through every stage of life. Our testing and quality assurance facilities
located throughout the world evaluate critical product components for safety and durability.
Before release to market, Otis products must pass rigorous lifecycle testing, such as simulations
of stressful environmental and operating conditions (e.g., construction-site dust, ocean fog,
drastic temperature changes and power surges).
And we act on the feedback we receive from the riding public and customers and the data we
collect from our digital tools to continuously improve our safety processes. For a description of
accessibility initiatives for the riding public, see the People & Communities section.
See the Appendix section for more information on our Health & Safety pillar.
8
At Otis, our Absolutes of Safety, Ethics and Quality are fundamental to who we are and guide our decision-making. We uphold high standards of governance, ethics and integrity through strong internal controls, training and colleague
engagement in alignment with global regulatory requirements and stakeholder expectations, with the Board and its committees regularly engaged on a wide range of these matters.
Sustainability-related governance, risks and reporting standards
Risks, impacts and opportunities
Governance
Otis identifies, assesses, monitors, manages and mitigates business and compliance risks
through its enterprise risk management (ERM) program. The Board works with management to
develop appropriate risk tolerance and oversees and monitors the management of risks that
could significantly affect the company’s operations, growth or reputation. The Board annually
participates in an update on the ERM program and receives, either directly or through its
committees, regular reports from the head of Internal Audit, General Counsel and other senior
management regarding ERM, litigation and legal matters, compliance programs and risks, and
other applicable risk-related policies, procedures and limits. The Board delegates certain risk
management responsibilities, and the Audit Committee is delegated oversight over Otis ERM
policies and practices. The Nominations and Governance Committee is delegated oversight over
most sustainability-related risks (such as climate-related risks and opportunities and meeting
stakeholders’ expectations), with the Audit Committee overseeing sustainability-related
disclosures, reporting and controls.
Underscoring the integration of sustainability-related strategies into our core business
operations and recognizing their supporting role in enhancing Otis’ financial performance, Otis
has developed a governance model that aligns with our culture, values, business objectives
and customer-centric, service-oriented mission.
The Board and its committees engage in extensive review and oversight of sustainabilityrelated topics that have the most impact in alignment with our business objectives, with
the Board’s Nominations and Governance Committee having primary oversight of most of
these topics (including climate-related risks and opportunities, colleague and passenger
safety, community giving, human capital management, political activities and expenditures
and shareholder engagement). The full Board retains oversight of business objectives and
strategies, significant risks and public policy issues, key talent succession planning, culture and
engagement, and investor relations and receives – through the Audit Committee – reports from
management on any significant issues regarding compliance with The Otis Absolutes, our code
of ethics.
At the management level, we have enhanced our sustainability-related governance model
by further rooting sustainability within each of our business functions. Functional leads are
accountable for sustainability-related matters within their respective areas under direct
oversight of the CEO and, ultimately, the Board primarily through the Nominations and
Governance Committee. These leaders are supported by cross-functional committees and
workstreams that integrate sustainability considerations into broader business strategy and
they collaborate with subject matter experts to develop and implement initiatives.
In 2025, the Nominations and Governance Committee received reports from management at
every meeting on sustainability-related topics. The Committee engaged in reviews of issues
covering colleague health and safety; corporate social responsibility and giving; human capital
management; sustainability- and climate-related risks and opportunities; and shareholder
engagement on sustainability-related topics. It was also briefed on Otis’ approach to
mandatory and voluntary reporting requirements, including the European Union (E.U.) Corporate
Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD).
Sustainability-related risks and corresponding mitigation actions that do not make the list
of top ERM risks (including climate-related risks) – as well as sustainability-related impacts,
opportunities and their related dependencies – are managed by the applicable business
functions, using a modified risk assessment process. These identified risks are further mitigated
at that functional department level through regular meetings with various key stakeholders
and regions, and cross-functional committees and workstreams. Working with management, the
Board supports discussions around escalating risks as business needs dictate.
Voluntary reporting standards, third-party verification and local mandatory
reporting
Under our voluntary reporting standards, we report in reference to the Global Reporting
Initiative (GRI) Standards, the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) guidelines for
the Resource Transformation sector (under the Electrical and Electronic Equipment and the
Industrial Machinery and Goods standards, as applicable) and the recommendations under the
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). We also engage third parties for
limited assurance assessment of certain health and safety and environmental metrics under
our voluntary reporting. In addition, certain Otis subsidiaries report on sustainability-related
matters under their applicable laws. See the Appendix section for our GRI, SASB and TCFD
disclosures and our Third-party assurance statement.
Cybersecurity and data privacy
We assess, identify and manage material cybersecurity risks using a risk-based approach
that considers data sensitivity and volume, potential impacts to individuals and third parties,
business needs, and the cost and practicality of remediation. Cybersecurity risks are integrated
into our ERM process and supported by cybersecurity policies and controls across operations
and, as appropriate, product and service development. We also apply a risk-based approach to
third-party cybersecurity risk management through due diligence, contractual safeguards and
oversight. Cybersecurity risk oversight is provided by the Audit Committee and supported by
senior management through established governance structures.
We maintain processes, technologies and controls designed to protect against, detect and
respond to cybersecurity incidents, including a global security operations center, cybersecurity
training and phishing simulations, an incident response plan, tabletop exercises, insurance
coverage, internal audits and engagement of third-party advisors. In 2025, we consolidated
multiple endpoints and streamlined solutions to strengthen our cyber resilience and simplify
management, creating a more efficient and secure foundation for our digital operations.
On the data privacy side, we process personally identifiable information from the many countries
and territories where we do business, taking the utmost care in the way we handle and protect
personal data. Our global privacy department regularly evaluates our processing activities to
ensure that we apply privacy principles. For this, we rely on recognized transfer mechanisms,
such as Standard Contractual Clauses (i.e., model contract clauses that have been pre-approved
by the E.U. Commission) and Binding Corporate Rules. We follow the same strict standards for
privacy compliance throughout our global operations.
specific questions about how their data is used via this link. To assist with this program, we have
a global organization of privacy professionals with an executive lead, reporting annually to the
Board.
Innovation and artificial intelligence
Innovation is a fundamental characteristic of our history and central to our sustainability and
business strategies, as we continue to invest in research & development (R&D) and strategic
initiatives.
To address the demands of our business for a safer, more connected and accessible world,
our engineers across the globe focus on digital initiatives, software, user interface design,
user experience and operational efficiency. Our R&D centers are strategically located close to
concentrations of customers and factories to enable efficient development of engineering
solutions that can serve as global model products and adapt to local requirements.
9
And we protect our investment in technology and our brand through a combination of patents,
trademarks, trade secrets, confidentiality policies and active monitoring programs and provide
regular training to eligible Otis colleagues on the importance of protecting our trade secrets.
We use AI responsibly and with intent, helping us enhance decision-making, improve operational
efficiency and create exceptional customer experiences. Our AI governance model is based
on Gartner’s governance framework, with oversight by our Chief Technology Officer and
an AI governance council. Our framework sets clear roles and responsibilities for authority
and accountability in business, technology, and ethics decisions, choosing use-cases wisely,
while ensuring accountability for outcomes and critical content. We align our AI governance
with our organizational culture, fostering necessary behaviors for AI adoption through the
implementation of AI literacy programs and ethical monitoring systems, while promoting
cross-functional collaboration and addressing AI bias-related issues. We also ensure clear,
timely communication throughout the AI lifecycle, setting expectations, updating progress and
articulating achievements in a language accessible to the entire organization.
As noted in other parts of this report, in 2025 we introduced intelligent automation and
deployed AI-driven tools and digital assistants to enhance Otis colleague productivity and
streamline workflows, embedding data-driven decision-making and automation into everyday
business practices.
Quality and customer experience
Quality is one of The Otis Absolutes, enabling safe, reliable products and installations, and
earning trust from our stakeholders while protecting our reputation. We take full responsibility
for the workmanship and service we provide, and act to eliminate quality issues at their source
and resolve any problems to satisfy our customers and reduce disruptions.
Our quality strategy is tailored to all levels and all functions – to determine how to operate more
effectively and efficiently. Key elements of this strategy include design quality; internal quality;
supplier quality; field service/aftermarket quality; a quality management system; and Otis
Performance Excellence (our continuous improvement approach, focused on processes, problem
solving and top-quality customer results).
In 2025, we further:
Strengthened our quality processes, updating our framework, maturing and deploying our
Customer Advocacy process to all regions and implementing new supplier performance
reporting tools;
Enhanced efficiency and customer service experience through AI, data solutions, enterprise
systems and our Customer Advocacy process and global supplier quality review, as illustrated
by an AI program piloted in Spain for our OTISLINE customer care center that handles
common customer service queries, freeing up human agents to focus on more complex
cases; and
Improved customer experience by furthering our field and sales colleagues’ collaboration,
and by developing, implementing and enhancing digital tools that help boost our field
mechanics’ productivity and issue spotting, reducing downtime and lowering operational
costs with less service calls. As an illustration, our Upgrade App continues to evolve – from
generating repair leads, to identifying cancellation alerts, to integrating more tightly
with our Customer Relationship Management systems – making it easier for our field and
sales teams to act quickly on insights, follow through, and deliver better outcomes for our
customers.
Ethics, human rights and political activities
Ethics
Ethics, one of our Otis Absolutes, is embedded in our culture, guiding us to do the right thing
and helping to ensure our Otis colleagues understand our expectations. Our ethics programs
encompass a broad spectrum of critical topics, including human rights, modern slavery, antihuman trafficking, antitrust, trade compliance, conflicts of interest, protection of company
data, cybersecurity and data privacy, as well as anti-harassment, anti-discrimination, anticorruption, and anti-bribery. They follow a risk-based compliance approach with due diligence,
investigations, audits, training and corrective actions, with overall oversight by the Audit
Committee and the support of senior management.
We conduct appropriate due diligence and screening of third parties with whom we do
business, leveraging independently provided data to help identify and resolve potential risks
and ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations everywhere we do business.
We perform ethics and compliance directed internal audits, including on business processes,
compliance with policies and regulations and management of third-party business partners
each year. We also conduct audits focused on anti-bribery, anti-corruption, trade compliance
and antitrust.
We provide regular training to eligible Otis colleagues through various programs and events
focused on ethics-related topics. These initiatives are designed to equip Otis colleagues with
the knowledge and skills needed to recognize potential ethical issues and to act with integrity
and accountability in real time. In 2025, we launched an ethics campaign to reinforce that
our Otis Absolutes serve as the foundation for every decision we make – especially when
navigating challenging circumstances, and we developed a global field training for our frontline colleagues, providing practical guidance on identifying and managing potential conflicts
of interest. More information on our ethics training programs can be found in GRI 205-2 in the
Appendix section.
10
Human rights
Specifically with respect to human rights, Otis is committed to protecting human rights and
mitigating the risk of human rights violations across our operations, and we expect the same
commitment from our suppliers (as noted below). Our Otis Human Rights Position Statement
and our Otis Absolutes, both published on our website, encapsulate our commitment.
We are committed to respecting the fundamental rights and freedoms of all individuals
touched by our operations, treating all people fairly and with dignity, and complying with
applicable labor practices and laws wherever we operate, including requirements related to
health and safety, child and forced labor, freedom of association, non‑discrimination, fair wages,
and working hours.
Human rights is overseen by cross-functional workstreams at the management level. Our
program follows the same risk-based compliance approach as our ethics programs, with due
diligence, investigations, audits, training and corrective actions.
Political activities
With regard to political activities, the Nominations and Governance Committee oversees our
approach to public policy matters, including the company’s participation in programs and
activities related to political engagement or public policy issues. Pursuant to our corporate
policy, any political contributions by Otis must be reviewed by Otis legal counsel and approved
in advance by the Head of Government Relations. In no event may any political contribution
be offered or made that would constitute or create the appearance of a corrupt payment as
provided under our Anti-Corruption Policy.
Where appropriate, Otis may make contributions through the Otis Federal Political Action
Committee (the Otis PAC) to candidates who support policies aligned with our business
priorities and long-term shareholder interests, irrespective of political affiliation. In 2025,
total political contributions through the Otis PAC were less than USD 10,000. The Steering
Committee of the Otis PAC reviews candidates and approves contributions in accordance
with the Otis PAC’s bylaws and operating guidelines. Federal Election Commission reports on
political contributions by the Otis PAC are available at www.fec.gov.
Responsible and resilient supply chain
To mitigate potential business disruptions and increased costs, we partner with a wide range
of suppliers. We have a procurement program designed to help detect, mitigate and deter
human rights and certain labor risks and violations (including those associated with conflict
minerals) in our supply chain and assess the environmental impact of our supply chain. We
include sustainability-related topics in our sourcing review and selection and regularly train our
11
procurement colleagues on sustainability-related issues, including through an enhanced human
rights training module. We perform appropriate risk mapping and access a broad array of
suppliers to help reduce dependency risks and strengthen our operational stability. We also
hold memberships to various organizations to further inform our supplier risk assessments and
due diligence processes.
process is to understand the facts, gain insights needed to apply corrective actions, such as
new controls, awareness training or additional process steps for prevention, and hold one
another accountable for misconduct. Senior management monitors investigations to ensure that
disciplinary actions are fairly and consistently applied across Otis and that significant matters
are reviewed with the Board.
In 2025, we:
See the Appendix section for more information on our Governance & Accountability pillar.
Embedded sustainability-related criteria into a new digital bidding tool, increasing our
sustainability considerations in our global supplier selection process;
ratings based on factors such as geography, industry, and operational profile; and
Strengthened the procedures for our on-site audit of suppliers with additional human rights
and environmental risk emphasis, providing specific sustainability-related training to
auditors.
Our standard purchasing terms and conditions include health and safety, human rights and
environmental requirements. They also require our suppliers to abide by our Supplier Code of
Conduct as a condition of doing business with us. Available in 33 languages on our website,
the code holds our suppliers accountable to the same standards we apply to ourselves,
starting with our Otis Absolutes and our Otis Human Rights Position Statement. We require our
suppliers to conduct training, undergo compliance assessments and remediate non-compliance
with these principles.
For more information on our environmental strategies and actions regarding our supply chain,
see the Environment & Impact section. For a copy of our Supplier Code of Conduct, conflict
minerals policy and reports, and human rights policies and statements, visit our Human Rights
in the supply chain webpage.
Reporting channels
We empower our Otis colleagues and any other stakeholders – including our customers,
passengers, subcontractors and suppliers – to speak up if they suspect wrongdoing, without
fear of retaliation. Otis colleagues can report concerns directly to a supervisor or manager, our
Legal or Human Resources departments, or one of our approximately 90 Ethics and Compliance
Officers and professionals. All our stakeholders can report their concerns using our reporting
channels. These channels are described fully in the Reporting Channels section of our website.
We perform independent and thorough investigations into every specific and credible
allegation of a violation of law, policy or our Otis Absolutes in a timely manner. All reported
concerns are investigated via the same confidential, thorough investigative process, irrespective
of the reporting method or reporter’s identity. The overarching intent of our investigation
12
We assess the environmental impacts of our equipment throughout its lifecycle and implement strategies across our operations and supply chain. This approach informs our innovation and environmental decision-making, helping to
drive efficiency and resiliency while reinforcing our customer-centric, service-oriented mission.
Climate change mitigation and adaptation
Greenhouse gas emissions targets and metrics
Climate-related strategies, risks and opportunities
To monitor our environmental impact, we annually report on our greenhouse gas emissions
and related reductions, using the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard
(Rev. ed. 2024) (the GHG Protocol standards) based on operational control and a calendar-year
reporting period, and do not use carbon offsets in our calculations.
As noted in our Governance & Accountability section, the Nominations and Governance
Committee has primary oversight over all environmental matters, including climate-related
risks and opportunities and the company’s climate-related strategies, with cross-functional
committees and workstreams developing and implementing these climate-related strategies at
the management level.
Our climate-related strategies include initiatives focused on energy efficiency and
decarbonization across our facilities and products, service fleet electrification, and the use of
renewable energy. They also encompass initiatives related to operational workflows, product
performance and asset life through modernization services, and resilience strengthening of
our operations including our supply chain. Our strategies are based on key assumptions and
dependencies and informed by our climate risks and opportunities assessments, including
through scenario analyses. These strategies are regularly reviewed to ensure Otis’ commitments
remain aligned with our business strategies and priorities. Looking ahead, we intend to develop
a formal and detailed climate transition plan to support future milestones.
As noted above, we use scenario analyses under a modified risk assessment to evaluate
potentially material climate-related physical risks and the risks and opportunities associated
with a global transition to a low-carbon economy. In 2024–2025, we conducted an updated
qualitative assessment and, for the first time, incorporated a quantitative analysis.
While none of the prioritized risks and opportunities identified as part of this updated exercise
were determined to be material under this modified risk assessment process (including under
our ERM process and the United States (U.S.) Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
standards), they provided us with a broader understanding of global climate-related risks and
opportunities across the organization that will help us strengthen our climate-related strategies
and enhance our business resilience.
For information on our modified risk assessment process and thresholds, see GRI 3-1 in the
Appendix section. For information on our climate scenario analysis findings, see the Task Force
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) in the Appendix section.
We track our performance against our near-term science-based targets (SBTs). Our SBTs – which
were validated by the Science Based Target initiative (SBTi) in April 2024 and are aligned with the
near-term objectives of the Paris Agreement – are:
Reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 55% by 2033 from a 2021
baseline year (inclusive of biogenic land-related emissions and removals from bioenergy
feedstocks); and
Reduce absolute scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions from purchased goods and services,
business travel and use of sold products by 33% within the same timeframe and from the
same baseline year.
As in prior years, the majority of our 2025 emissions came from the materials used for our
equipment and the energy consumed by our equipment over its lifetime, corresponding to
scope 3 Categories 1 and 11, respectively. Relative to our 2021 baseline, our reported emissions
decreased by 19.5% in our own operations (scope 1 and 2) and by 29.8% in purchased goods
and services, business travel and use of sold products (scope 3 Categories 1, 6 and 11). For more
information on our metrics, see the 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs) in the Appendix
section.
Resilience and management preparedness
Energy and operational efficiency
In 2025, we continued the global implementation of factory energy best management practices
to improve operational efficiency and manage operational risks and costs. Initiatives included
minimizing the use of compressed air through equipment design and maintenance, upgrading
to more efficient heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) equipment and improving
building insulation. In addition, we downsized or relocated some of our real estate portfolio in
part to enhance operational efficiency and reduce costs.
We continued to implement energy initiatives at our factories to strengthen resilience
and enhance operational efficiency, prioritizing energy sources that support more reliable
operations and help reduce costs. Our strategy focused primarily on using electricity generated
from geothermal, solar, and sustainably sourced biomass, including biogas, hydropower and
wind energy. Where on-site solar ownership was not economically feasible, we evaluated
contractual agreement options such as renewable energy supply contracts through Green
Retail and Green Tariffs and power purchase agreements (PPAs). We also continued the
implementation of green energy procurement at certain factories. Our renewable energy
sourcing aligned with the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance (2014) (the GHG Protocol Scope 2
Guidance).
At the end of 2025:
Each of our factories consumed all or a portion of their electricity from renewable energy,
with over 73% of our factory electricity coming from renewable sources, a year-over-year
increase of 8 percentage points;
Six of our factories achieved 100% completion of energy best management practices;
Our Vigo and Madrid, Spain, factories expanded the installation of solar arrays;
Our on-site solar initiatives resulted in an annual cost savings of over USD 430,000; and
All of our factories were certified ISO 14001, Environmental Management Systems, with
75% certified ISO 50001, Energy Management Systems, and two factories certified under
ISO 14064-1, Greenhouse Gases and ISO 14068-1, Climate Change Management (Transition
to Net Zero Part 1).
Beyond our factory initiatives, we purchased renewable energy for our office and branch
locations in eight countries, with locations in three of these countries (Austria, France and
Netherlands) sourcing 100% renewable electricity usage.
For instance, our Compass dispatching system provides building traffic flows and usage
data, helping our customers identify opportunities for potential energy savings through
optimized dispatching during reduced demand. In 2025, we introduced Compass Infinity, an
AI enhanced dispatching system that analyzes real-time passenger demand and proactively
adapts to minimize wait times.
Over the years, our SkyBuild technology has evolved to offer multiple configurations that
create potential energy and cost savings, as illustrated with our first SkyBuild double deck
elevator for the Triangle project in Paris, France. Our SkyBuild system grows at the same
13
pace as the building construction, transporting workers safely while helping to improve
logistics efficiency. Once construction is complete, the SkyBuild system seamlessly converts
to a SkyRise elevator.
Through modernization, we are leveraging digitalization and energy efficient technologies
and updating equipment with intelligent, connected systems while saving materials’
replacement costs and helping to create possible energy savings for our customers. As an
illustration, equipping elevators with ReGen drives, LED lighting and standby technologies
can help reduce our customers’ building energy consumption by a meaningful percentage
depending on the unit being modernized. Our ReGen drive feeds electrical energy back into
the building power grid during braking which can then be used to drive other equipment in
the building. Our ReGen drive is a substantial contributor to achieving the highest efficiency
ranking according to ISO standards for many of our products around the world.
In addition, we provide transparent and comparable information on many of our elevators and
escalators’ lifecycle environmental impacts through Environmental Product Declarations (EPDs).
EPDs are third-party verified reports under certain ISO standards. We currently have EPDs for our
major product lines and plan to cover additional products in the future.
With respect to our repair and maintenance business, our fleet strategy continues to rely on
assessing fleet effectiveness and operational efficiency, evaluating the right types of vehicles for
our business – including a focus on EVs, hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs), fleet rationalization, fleet
size assessment and enhanced route optimization.
Products and services stewardship
We invest in R&D and digital initiatives to develop smart, connected designs and technologies
and efficient features.
We use route optimization software combined with business processes in our service network
to group our maintenance units into efficient route structures to help reduce travel times,
increase productive time and lower travel-related emissions and costs.
And we use telematics, in several countries, to enable our local fleet managers to collect
and analyze information about mileage and driver habits, providing opportunities for
maintenance route optimization and efficient vehicle use.
In 2025, we:
Continued to integrate fleet electrification, with 10% of our global fleet comprised of EVs and
HEVs, representing a year-over-year increase of 4 percentage points;
Launched a new AI-driven route optimization system to further help improve our operational
efficiency, enhance cost savings and boost productivity and service consistency; and
Enhanced our landmark Otis ONE IoT solution with AI features, increasing our repair
assistance capabilities. Otis ONE automatically collects elevator data and transfers it to the
cloud, providing real-time information to customers and/or field professionals. It enables
our technical experts to monitor elevators’ health in real time, and when possible and where
allowed, to perform remote interventions to resolve issues quickly, improving uptime and
increasing service quality, and ultimately resulting in less service calls and corresponding
travel-related emissions and energy consumption and costs. With approximately 1.1 million
connected units globally (which include units under the warranty period) and Otis ONE
deployed in over 34 countries and territories at the end of 2025, we avoided mechanic
dispatches on 14% of all service calls globally (approximately 100,000 service visits) from
connected units, resulting in approximately USD 10 million in productivity improvements for
Otis in 2025.
Responsible and climate resilient sourcing
To minimize business interruptions and increased costs and strengthen our supply chain, we use
enhanced procurement practices and supplier risk assessments. Our purchasing procurement
guidelines and standard purchasing terms and conditions include environmental considerations
and requirements. As noted in our Governance & Accountability section, we further improved
our procurement process with the implementation of several initiatives in 2025:
Conducted an inherent-risk assessment across our entire supplier base and deployed
environmental sustainability specific considerations into on-site audits of suppliers;
Evaluated our suppliers for operational resilience, building supply redundancies across
suppliers and geographies; and
Embedded sustainability-related criteria into a new digital bidding tool, increasing our
sustainability considerations in our global supplier selection process.
We continue to assess strategic suppliers on their reporting efforts, water and greenhouse gas
emissions measuring capabilities and their potential impact to deforestation, and rank suppliers
on their greenhouse gas emissions footprint while encouraging them under our Supplier Code
of Conduct to publicly report on their emissions and related reduction plans.
We also offer training materials in multiple languages to assist suppliers with navigating the
carbon accounting process and support the development of their emissions reduction plans and
continue to engage with our strategic suppliers to identify emissions reduction opportunities for
the most carbon intensive materials (e.g., steel and steel fabrications).
Other environmental matters
Circular economy and waste
We evaluate the environmental and business impacts of our operations and products in areas
relevant to circularity. Our purchasing procurement guidelines incorporate environmental
considerations across our equipment lifecycle. Within our factories, we prioritize responsible
waste management practices, implementing initiatives to reduce, reuse and recycle both
nonhazardous and hazardous waste streams through closed‑loop logistics and supplier
partnerships (including our equipment packaging for certain regions), and have limited or
14
eliminated the use of substances of concern during product development and manufacturing
over recent years (13 substances, six of which are Restriction of Hazardous Substances).
At the end of 2025, close to 90% of our factories were certified under the ZWTL standards. During
the year, four additional factories achieved certification and one factory attained Gold status,
with more than 96% of program elements implemented under the Total Resource Use and
Efficiency (TRUE) framework in support of this certification. The TRUE framework is a rating
system from Green Business Certification Inc. (GBCI), which requires facilities to divert at least
90% of nonhazardous solid waste away from landfill, incineration (waste-to-energy) and the
environment, through the adoption of responsible waste management and reduction practices.
Less than 1% of the total industrial waste generated at our factories and service centers was
classified as hazardous waste under applicable laws and regulations, and over 95% of the
industrial waste generated from these sites was recycled in accordance with laws and regulations
applicable at each site. Recycled materials included scrap metal, cardboard, paper, wood
and other waste related to shop-floor activities (such as used oil at some of our U.S. sites, as
permitted under U.S. rules).
Further, our modernization focus reinforces our circularity initiatives in line with our
environmental and business strategies. As elevator and escalator units age, we work with
customers to update their units with modernization solutions. Services like component/part
upgrades and modernization allow customers to retain components of the unit that are not
at the end of their useful lifetime instead of replacing the entire system, which helps minimize
material use and waste. Modernization also offers customers the opportunity to upgrade to
newer, more energy efficient technologies depending on the unit being modernized (as further
described above). We also continue to refurbish certain used parts for resale.
Water
Otis manufacturing processes require minimal water usage. We consume water from municipal
water, rainwater harvesting and well sources, mostly used for sanitation purposes in our facilities
and offices. Through our water policy, we follow best management practices. We use the World
Wildlife Foundation Risk Filter Suite to classify water use scarcity around the world in five areas
of basin risk. All sites, regardless of their size and location, have implemented water balance
and leak-management planning, which Otis considers the minimum water best management
practice. Against this backdrop, reported water withdrawal has decreased by 11% since 2021.
We discharge only sanitary wastewater to be treated at the municipal level except for our Sao
Bernardo, Brazil facility, where sanitary wastewater is treated and reused in the facility’s cooling
towers or discharged to a nearby surface water body. We also recycle portions of previously
used water for non-drinkable reuse purposes and continue to advance our rainwater harvesting
program.
Governance, environmental management systems and audits
As noted above, the Nominations and Governance Committee has primary oversight over all
environmental matters, including climate-related risks and opportunities and the company’s
climate-related strategies, with cross-functional committees and workstreams developing and
implementing these environmental strategies at the management level.
Each year, our EH&S and field operations global and regional leaders (with local teams’ input)
develop, track and update our environmental strategies, through the review of our program-related
data, trends, metrics and emerging issues. Product priorities and strategies (including financial
planning for R&D and other product initiatives) are reviewed annually by a cross-functional
group of leaders across the organization.
Our global standards and policies address environmental best management practices, including
environmental strategies, risk oversight, training and awareness, auditing and annual program
evaluations. They are based on ISO 14001 and ISO 50001 standards. Both internal and external
audits and reviews are routinely performed, providing critical insights that continuously help
enhance our understanding of operating requirements. When gaps are revealed, corrective
actions are developed and then tracked to resolution.
See the Appendix section for more information on our Environment & Impact pillar.
15
16
We strive to position ourselves to attract and retain the best talent in the market and to contribute to the global communities where we live and work. We seek ideas, encourage innovation and empower our colleagues through
experiences that align with our business strategies and support our broader success. We invest in our communities and build partnerships across key areas, with a focus on STEM and accessibility.
Hiring
We perform strategic talent outreach to expand our applicant pool and ensure access to
top-qualified candidates. Efforts include targeted job postings on industry-specific platforms,
engagement with professional organizations that support emerging talent, participation in
recruitment events that connect us with a broad range of skilled professionals and use of
our colleague-led BRGs. When seeking candidates or promoting Otis colleagues, we focus on
matching the best talent to open roles in support of our organizational model and business
needs, driving value for our company and our stakeholders.
Learning and development and performance reviews
Otis colleagues are Otis’ most valuable asset and the key to its success. We empower our
colleagues to share ideas, develop new skills and be lifelong learners.
We offer a wide array of education, mentorship, sponsorship, apprenticeship and training
programs to build capability and bridge gaps in skills and training that address our business
needs. Our learning and development programs are open to a broad range of Otis colleagues
globally on topics that cover leadership at various levels, business and financial acumen,
technical training, sales skills, project management and language learning among others, and
we continually expand and enhance our portfolio to attract, develop and retain key talent across
the organization. Our learning and development programs offered as part of our Leading at Otis
Academy allow our Otis colleagues to learn the functional, technical and leadership skills and
behaviors needed to drive success at all career levels, including specific modules that reinforce
leadership behaviors like pace, collaboration, creativity and empathy, as well as our Otis
Absolutes.
Through our Employee Scholar Program, Otis continues to invest in the education of our Otis
colleagues by providing tuition assistance to pursue degrees or approved certificate programs
related to Otis’ business. Since the program’s inception in 1996, approximately 5,800 degrees
have been earned by Otis colleagues in more than 60 countries.
We also offer mandated training programs related to technical proficiency, safety awareness
and our ethics and compliance standards supplemented by optional modules at all levels of
the organization and provide performance reviews to eligible Otis colleagues for feedback and
development opportunities.
As noted in other parts of the report, in 2025 we:
Developed an enhanced learning and development program focused on our field
population and our front-line managers;
Offered an enhanced human rights training module for our procurement colleagues;
Delivered simulated leadership learning solutions designed to enhance leaders’ decisionmaking and support stronger business performance;
Embedded global reasonable accommodation and workplace adjustment framework in
talent and learning and development programs; and
Continued the deployment of Otis University – our leader experiential learning program.
Lastly, our Otis colleagues can take part in many development initiatives through our colleagueled BRGs, which are voluntary, open to all Otis colleagues and supported through executive
participation and company funding. In 2025, all our ERGs transitioned to BRGs to ensure global
alignment and greater accountability for business goals while offering programming relevant to
our “4C pillars” of Career, Community, Culture and Customer.
Employment policies, conditions and benefits
We offer fair employment conditions and follow local labor laws that address, among other
topics, maximum working hours and overtime, minimum wages, insurance coverage of work-related
accidents, sick pay and severance pay. We support Otis colleagues’ rights and commit to
adhering to local laws regarding freedom of association and collective bargaining. We also offer
flexible work arrangements to eligible Otis colleagues.
In addition to base pay, a portion of our nonunion workforce is eligible for short-term incentive
bonuses and long-term equity-based incentive compensation. We conduct global pay analyses
to ensure that our nonunion colleagues are paid according to their abilities, responsibilities,
qualifications, work location and experience. We also conduct country-level analyses and report
on findings as required by local laws or regulations.
For information on our compensation programs for our executives and Board of Directors,
including our sustainability-related performance multiplier for our executive annual short-term
incentive (STI) program, see GRI 2-19 in the Appendix section.
We offer a wide range of benefits to support our Otis colleagues, with offerings varying based on
eligibility and geography, including:
Retirement plan, health care and insurance benefits;
Paid sick, bereavement, vacation, parental and family leaves, and wellness programs.
Tuition assistance through our Employee Scholar Program; and
To support our colleagues’ needs, we provide access to mental health and wellbeing resources to
all Otis colleagues globally via Otis Care, our employee assistance program, as well as through
many engagement initiatives with our colleague-led BRGs. We also care for and support our Otis
colleagues when an unexpected crisis hits. Through the Otis Colleague Disaster Relief Fund, Otis
colleagues can receive financial assistance following major natural disasters or humanitarian
crises.
17
recruitment expenses. In 2025, our global voluntary attrition rate was within the single digits,
indicative of the strength of our workforce services and programming. We define voluntary
attrition to mean all departures from Otis by regular and fixed-term Otis colleagues for reasons
deemed controllable. For more information on our attrition rate, see the 2025 Key performance
indicators (KPIs) in the Appendix section.
Accessibility for our Otis colleagues and the riding public
Our enterprise accessibility strategy encapsulates our vision for independent access to vertical
transportation for the riding public – especially aging populations and people with disabilities. It
includes three long-term objectives of:
Providing an accessible workplace;
Colleague engagement
Leading the vertical transportation industry in accessibility.
To measure colleague engagement and anticipate attrition, we engage with Otis colleagues
throughout the year in various ways, including through an annual pulse colleague engagement
survey. Colleague engagement survey results, which are reported to our Board and management,
provide insights on overall colleague engagement, as well as specific areas such as belonging.
The data is analyzed via demographic lenses to reveal any potential improvement areas, with
action plans then created, and owned by our leaders and their teams.
In line with this strategy, we continue our engagement with Disability:IN as a corporate sponsor
and member of the Inclusion Works program, leveraging its research and best practices. In
addition, we engage with key customers to increase customer knowledge about vertical
transportation accessibility, including through our Customer Advisory Board.
In 2025, our pulse engagement survey achieved a 76% participation rate, a 1‑point increase from
2024, with more than 50,000 colleague comments. We exceeded the external benchmark on
13 of 17 questions, and our key Success score (“How happy are you working at the company?”)
held steady at a record‑high 76. We also continued to see year‑over‑year improvements in
performance conversations, strengthening feedback quality and colleague engagement. These
results demonstrate our ongoing commitment to transparency, active listening, and continuous
enhancement of programs that support our culture and mission. They also reflect the deep
commitment of our Otis colleagues to shaping our culture and driving collective success.
Workforce composition and retention
At the end of 2025, our workforce consisted of approximately 72,000 colleagues – including
around 45,000 field professionals – spread across the globe, with 45% in Asia, 34% in EMEA and
21% in the Americas. Approximately 64% of our workforce in the U.S. was covered by collective
bargaining agreements, with a portion of our colleagues outside the U.S. being represented by
works councils, trade unions or statutory labor unions as may be customary or required in those
jurisdictions. Additional data on our workforce can be found in the 2025 Key performance
indicators (KPIs) in the Appendix section.
We track colleagues’ voluntary attrition to help assess our workplace initiatives, turnover and
Delivering accessible products and experiences to customers and the riding public; and
Engaged in recruiting events via Disability:IN and a neurodiversity workshop through the
University of Connecticut’s Wells Fargo Center for Neurodiversity and Inclusive Employment;
Released an “Advancing Accessibility” product fact sheet for our Gen3 Core elevator in North
America, communicating how Otis’ specific feature options – such as precise floor leveling,
doors with 3D safeguard, audio enunciation, and the eView in-car display – can support
accessibility, and published an “Advancing Accessibility” product fact sheet for our public
escalators (515NPE and 520NPE); and
Continued to expand our focus on accessibility and disability inclusion for our Otis colleagues,
through fair hiring practices, talent staff training, learning and development programs
and the continued implementation of our workplace adjustments and reasonable
accommodation framework.
Community engagement
In 2025, our community engagement strategy continued to prioritize global, regional and local
initiatives toward the Otis-specific focus areas of STEM and vibrant communities to inspire youth
to become part of our dynamic industry while strengthening our culture of innovation, increasing
brand recognition and customer loyalty and supporting the communities where we live and
work. Our initiatives ranged from charitable giving to youth mentorship and volunteerism
specific to STEM-related programming and events.
Examples from 2025 included:
Our signature social impact program, Made to Move Communities, a high-touch, highimpact mentorship program delivering quality STEM learning for students around the
world. The 2024-2025 program – focused on AI‑powered solutions to support connected
communities and improve mobility – included over 250 students from 28 schools across
16 countries and territories. The program awarded its first global winner and provided
grants to every participating high school. Since launching the program in 2020, Otis has
issued nearly 100 grants totaling more than USD 1.25 million to advance STEM education at
participating schools worldwide.
The global expansion of our Little Engineers youth program.
And our ongoing support of the FIRST® Robotics Competition, Tech Challenge, and LEGO®
League programs.
We also continued to support non-STEM-related partnerships and programs that benefit
underserved and underrepresented communities, including grants to organizations focused on
accessibility, among others. As an illustration, we further strengthened our longstanding global
partnership with the Special Olympics by supporting its Unified Sports® program – an initiative
that brings athletes with and without intellectual disabilities together on the same team to
train and compete.
Through our volunteering program, we actively engaged and empowered Otis colleagues to
invest time in their communities, reinforcing our culture and commitment to local impact. In
2025, thousands of Otis colleagues across the globe dedicated their time to causes that matter
to them, helping foster more vibrant communities worldwide. Our volunteer efforts were driven
in part by our Elevating Communities Champions spotlights, which highlight Otis colleague
volunteers every month and inspire others to service.
As noted above, we also financially assisted Otis colleagues impacted by major natural
disasters or humanitarian crises through our Colleague Disaster Relief Fund, and matched
eligible Otis colleagues’ donations via our matching donation program. Under this program,
eligible Otis colleagues can donate to eligible charitable organizations and have their impact
doubled. Otis matches one-to-one for up to USD 25,000 per calendar year.
See the Appendix section for additional information on our People & Communities pillar.
18
20
2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs)
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS
Greenhouse gas emissions by scope (mtCO2e)*
2021 (Baseline)
2022
2023
2024
2025
Buildings and processes
14,090
11,644
8,847
8,425
7,250
Fleet
112,359
113,069
113,518
113,584
108,684
5,856
5,532
4,961
3,735
3,320
40,233
36,870
35,713
33,784
30,171
Scope 1 and 2
Scope 1
Refrigerants
Scope 2
Location-based
Market-based
Subtotal emissions (scope 1 and 2 market-based)
Scope 1 and 2 emissions year-over-year change %**
Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity (metric tons CO2e/USD million net sales)***
41,438
36,770
32,569
25,714
20,458
173,743
167,015
159,895
151,458
139,713
–
(3.9%)
(4.3%)
(5.3%)
(7.8%)
12.1
12.3
11.3
10.6
9.7
5,562,113
5,037,399
4,871,388
4,277,132
4,801,561
Scope 3
Category 1 – Purchased goods and services****
Category 6 – Business travel
8,714
14,482
24,707
22,223
14,195
10,710,733
9,285,156
9,827,101
8,595,763
6,607,071
–
(11.9%)
2.7%
(12.4%)
(11.4%)
Category 2 – Capital goods
123,455
87,256
99,715
88,721
108,319
Category 3 – Fuel- and energy-related activities
42,614
41,946
41,855
41,982
39,061
Category 4 – Upstream transportation and distribution
27,440
30,442
20,272
18,577
26,951
Category 5 – Waste generated in operations
3,738
3,970
4,362
4,083
3,582
Category 11 – Use of sold products
Scope 3 (Cat. 1, 6 and 11) emissions year-over-year change %
Category 7 – Employee commuting
87,224
84,979
89,215
89,369
87,194
Category 9 – Downstream transport
234,526
254,662
217,967
186,900
227,019
Category 12 – End-of-life treatment of sold products
300,578
283,785
295,987
275,030
274,422
Category 15 – Investments
Subtotal emissions (scope 3)
Scope 3 emissions intensity (metric tons CO2e/USD million net sales)***
Total emissions: scope 1 and 2 (market-based) and scope 3
Biogenic CO2 (from biomass/biofuels)
11,756
8,296
6,576
17,243
11,601
17,112,891
15,132,374
15,499,142
13,617,023
12,200,978
1,188
1,114
1,091
952
845
17,286,634
15,299,389
15,659,038
13,768,481
12,340,691
6,555
7,164
6,801
8,001
8,694
* MtCO2e means metric tonnes of CO2 equivalent. All numbers are generally rounded to the nearest whole value and are calculated using the GHG Protocol standards based on operational control and a calendar-year reporting period. No carbon offsets are used in
the computation of our emissions. Emissions data points for all years have been adjusted to reflect calendar year conversion and additional adjustments described in GRI 2-4. Scope 3 Categories 8, 10, 13 and 14 are not applicable to Otis.
** Scope 1 and 2 boundary includes biogenic land-related emissions and removals from bioenergy feedstocks.
*** Emissions intensity is calculated based on total emissions for the applicable scope per the net sales from the consolidated activities. Refer to 2025 Form 10-K, pg. 30, for information on net sales.
**** Scope 3 Category 1 includes our top 80% suppliers based on purchase spend. Each supplier excluded from Category 1 contributes less than 0.1% of total Category 1 emissions, based on screening results.
ENERGY CONSUMPTION*
Megawatt-hour (MWh), except intensity
Total energy consumed**
Fuel consumed
Fleet (includes non-renewable fuels and biofuel blends)
Stationary
Natural gas
Propane
Other fuels (fuel oil, diesel, gasoline)
2021
658,184
2022
630,302
479,490
480,763
62,303
47,337
548,008
543,339
77,256
63,848
470,752
75,590
913
753
2023
646,715
1,074
472
529,298
48,534
966
231
2024
21
2025
632,528
599,093
487,827
471,943
44,917
38,556
534,009
46,181
969
294
39,721
802
363
Electricity*** and steam
110,176
103,377
101,004
Other (brown) electricity
99,769
89,618
76,765
55,930
3.8%
8.4%
19.7%
40.0%
44.4%
14.4%
13.9%
13.2%
Renewable electricity (all offices and factories)****
Steam
% Renewable electricity globally (all offices and factories)
Energy intensity (MWh/USD million net sales)*****
% Grid electricity
% Renewable energy******
* Data points for all years have been adjusted to reflect calendar year conversion and additional adjustments described in GRI 2-4.
3,981
6,426
45.7
15.4%
0.6%
8,206
5,553
47.6
14.7%
1.3%
18,882
5,357
44.4
3.0%
98,519
511,664
37,296
5,293
44.2
5.9%
87,429
36,683
45,972
4,774
41.5
6.1%
** Substantial portions of the total energy used stem from the Otis fleet (79%) and from estimates from our small non-factory sites with no utility bill data.
*** Electricity includes purchased electricity for buildings and electric vehicles.
**** Renewable electricity includes purchased green energy, on-site owned solar installations and on-site PPAs.
***** Energy intensity is calculated based on total energy consumption per the net sales from the consolidated activities. Refer to 2025 Form 10-K, pg. 30, for information on net sales.
****** We define renewable energy in alignment with the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance as energy generated from renewable sources (e.g., wind, solar, hydropower, geothermal and biomass), excluding nuclear and fossil fuels. Renewable energy percentage is
based on the documented renewable energy used over the total energy consumed.
FACTORY RENEWABLE ELECTRICITY CONSUMPTION*
MWh
Renewable electricity generated on-site (owned)**
Renewable energy contractual agreements***
Total factory renewable electricity consumed
Total factory electricity consumed
% Renewable electricity
* Data points for all years have been adjusted to reflect calendar year conversion.
** Renewable electricity generated on-site means electricity generated from Otis-own on-site solar arrays.
2021
447
2,532
12,206
45,357
43,703
43,487
1,931
2,378
5.2%
2,176
4,707
10.8%
2,762
22,695
25,479
41,368
39,558
2,855
14,968
25,550
34.4%
61.8%
3,631
29,110
73.6%
*** Contractual instruments include PPAs and Energy Attribute Certificates – such as International Renewable Energy Certificates and Green Electricity Certificates in China – and utility green tariffs and green energy procurement contracts, all retired annually in
accordance with the GHG Protocol Scope 2 market-based methodology under the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance.
ALTERNATIVE FUEL VEHICLES*
Count
HEVs
12
EVs
Total alternative fuel vehicles
0
218
130
287
655
521
783
22
1,413
1,053
348
942
1,304
2,466
Metric tons
Total industrial waste
16,753
17,666
19,327
19,120
16,626
Alternative fuel vehicles as % of fleet
* Data points disclosed for all years have been adjusted to reflect calendar year conversion and other adjustments noted in GRI 2-4.
ZERO WASTE TO LANDFILL (ZWTL) FACTORY ELIGIBILITY CERTIFICATION
%
% Program elements implemented
HAZARDOUS WASTE GENERATED FROM FACTORIES AND SERVICE CENTERS*
Hazardous waste**
% Hazardous
* Data points for all years have been adjusted to reflect calendar year conversion.
0.1%
23%
119
0.7%
2%
54%
143
0.8%
4%
72%
139
0.7%
6%
84%
152
0.8%
10%
96%
142
0.9%
** For reporting purposes, Otis classifies hazardous waste in accordance with applicable local, national and regional regulations in the jurisdictions where it operates (e.g., U.S. RCRA, E.U. Waste Framework Directive and equivalent regulations in other countries).
Accordingly, the classification of certain waste streams may vary between jurisdictions, and reported totals reflect local regulatory determinations at the point of generation.
TOTAL VOLUME OF WATER WITHDRAWN*
Thousand liters
Total water withdrawn
Including well sources and rain harvesting
* Data points for all years have been adjusted to reflect calendar year conversion.
RECYCLED WATER*
Cubic meters
Recycled water
154,127
162,484
152,410
142,669
137,091
13,794
4,417
* Data points for all years have been adjusted to reflect calendar year conversion. Otis recycles previously used water for non-drinkable reuse purposes.
15,797
3,505
18,195
4,703
26,693
5,576
22,914
6,409
OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH & SAFETY
Total recordable incident rate (TRIR)*
Lost time incident rate (LTIR)*
Fatality number**
23
0.18
0.17
0.19
0.17
0.21
0.54
2
0.57
3
0.60
0.52
0.59
1
* Scope covers Otis colleagues and contractors that are under Otis’ direct supervision. TRIR equals to (number of recordable cases x 200,000/number of exposure hours) in a given time period. LTIR equals to (number of lost time cases x 200,000/number of
exposure hours) in a given time period.
** In 2025, we incurred two subcontractor fatalities. We, however, did not incur any fatality of Otis colleagues.
WORKFORCE COMPOSITION*
Count
Total global headcount**
Field professionals
* Based on rounded data to the nearest thousand and as of December 31, 2025.
2021***
70,000
41,000
69,000
41,000
71,000
42,000
72,000
44,000
72,000
45,000
** Total global headcount includes colleagues and field professionals. Colleagues means regular, fixed-term, temporary and seasonal employees of Otis (excluding intern/co-op, apprentice, and trainee employees). Field professionals means “Direct” as defined in
the Gender global breakdown table below.
*** 2021 headcount includes colleagues from our Russia business. We sold our Russia business in 2022.
WORKFORCE COMPOSITION*
Regional breakdown %
Asia
45%
* As of December 31, 2025.
Gender global breakdown %
EMEA
Americas
34%
21%
Overall
Executive**
Director/Manager/ Professional**
Direct**
Men
89.0%
57.7%
72.8%
98.8%
Women
11.0%
42.3%
27.2%
1.2%
* Based on rounded data, and as of December 1, 2025.
** Executives means Otis colleagues with grades ranging E1-E5. Director/Manager/Professional means Otis colleagues with grades G1-G7, T1-T6, and PM grades not classified as “Direct”. Direct means Hyperion Financial Management categories ‘Direct Employee –
Modernization Field’, ‘Direct Employee – New Equipment Field (OTIS)’, ‘Direct Employee – Service Field (OTIS)’, and ‘Direct Employee Temporary – Non-Factory (OTIS)’.
VOLUNTARY ATTRITION*
Rate %
* Voluntary attrition is defined as all departures from the company by regular and fixed-term employees for reasons deemed controllable.
Otis global
7.1%
24
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
Otis Worldwide Corporation has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period running from January 1, 2025, to December 31, 2025, with reference to the GRI Standards (GRI 1: Foundation 2021).
GRI STANDARD
DISCLOSURE
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
LOCATION/RESPONSE
The Organization and Its Reporting
2-1
Organizational details: Legal name and location of headquarters
Otis Worldwide Corporation (Otis), 1 Carrier Place Farmington, CT 06032, USA. Otis is a standalone public company. It is the world’s leading elevator and escalator
manufacturing, installation, service and modernization company. We serve customers in over 200 countries and territories around the world. Otis has global scale and local
focus, with more than 1,400 branches and offices, and a direct physical presence in more than 70 countries.
2-2
Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting: List
all its entities discussed in sustainability reporting
2025 Form 10-K, Exhibit 21. Our Břeclav, Czech Republic factory ceased operations during 2025 but was included in certain environmental metrics (greenhouse gas emissions,
energy, waste, and water) as it operated for part of the year.
2-3
Reporting period, frequency and contact point: Specify the
reporting period for its financial reporting, if it does not align with
the period explain reason and add a point of contact
Annual calendar year;
2-4
Restatements of information: Reason and effect of restatements,
restatement of information when it has learned that the previously
reported information needs to be revised
In 2025, we transitioned to a calendar year reporting to align with our financial year reporting and converted our data for all reporting years accordingly. In addition, EV and
HEV data points for 2023 were further adjusted to reflect more accurate data reporting. We also transitioned to a new U.S. fleet service provider, which prompted a more
accurate means of accounting for the impact of personal miles traveled and our EV/HEV fleet accounting, and we learned that certain operations at the country level had
been procuring green energy. We also adjusted our renewable electricity data for all years to exclude nuclear sources from our offices in Sweden.
2-5
External assurance: Describe its policy and practice for seeking
external assurance, including whether and how the highest
governance body and senior executives are involved
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > Third-party assurance statement
Activities and Workers
investorrelations@otis.com
2-6
Activities, value chain and other business relationships: Describe
value chain
2025 Form 10-K, pgs. 1-8
2-7
Employees: Total number of employees, and a breakdown of this
total by gender and by region
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs)
2-8
Workers who are not employees: Total number of workers who are
not employees and whose work is controlled by the organization
Not reported. While we partner with a network of several thousand suppliers globally, including product and non-product suppliers, as well as subcontractors, we do not
have control over the work performed by these subcontractors.
2-9
Governance structure and composition: Describe the governance
structure, list the committees of the highest governance body
that are responsible for decision-making on and overseeing the
management of the organization’s impacts on the economy,
environment, and people
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Governance & Accountability > Sustainability-related governance, risks and reporting standards
2-10
Nomination and selection of the highest governance body: Describe
the criteria used for nominating and selecting highest governance
body members, views of stakeholders, diversity, independence and
competencies relevant to the impacts of the organization
2026 Proxy Statement, pgs. 10-43
Governance
2025 Form 10-K, pg. 7
GRI STANDARD
2-11
DISCLOSURE
25
LOCATION/RESPONSE
Chair of the highest governance body: Report whether the chair
of the highest governance body is also a senior executive in the
organization, explain their function within the organization’s
management, the reasons for this arrangement, and how conflicts
of interest are prevented and mitigated
2026 Proxy Statement, pgs. 12-13
2-12
Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management
of impacts: Describe the role of the highest governance body and
of senior executives in developing, approving, and updating the
organization’s purpose, value or mission statements, strategies,
policies, and goals related to sustainable development
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Governance & Accountability > Sustainability-related governance, risks and reporting standards
2-13
Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts: Describe how the
highest governance body delegates responsibility for managing the
organization’s impacts on the economy, environment, and people
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Governance & Accountability > Sustainability-related governance, risks and reporting standards
2-14
Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting:
Responsible for reviewing and approving the reported information,
including the organization’s material topics. Describe the process for
reviewing and approving
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Governance & Accountability > Sustainability-related governance, risks and reporting standards
2-15
Conflicts of interest: Processes to ensure that conflicts of interest are
prevented and mitigated
2026 Proxy Statement, pgs. 12-13; 99-100
2025 Form 10-K, pg. 6
2025 Form 10-K, pg. 6
Related Person Transactions Policy
Otis Absolutes
2-16
Communication of critical concerns: How concerns are
communicated to the highest governance body, report the
total number and the nature of critical concerns during the
reporting period
2026 Proxy Statement, pgs. 14-16; 40-43
2-17
Collective knowledge of the highest governance body: Measures
taken to advance collective knowledge and skills for the highest
governance body on sustainable development
2026 Proxy Statement, pgs. 14-16; 23-39
2-18
Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body:
Overseeing the management of the organization’s impacts on the
economy, environment, and people
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Governance & Accountability > Sustainability-related governance, risks and reporting standards
2-19
Remuneration policies: Describe the remuneration policies for
members of the highest governance body and senior executives.
Describe how the remuneration policies for members of the
highest governance body and senior executives relate to their
objectives and performance in relation to the management of the
organization’s impacts on the economy, environment, and people
Our non-employee director compensation program is designed to enable ongoing attraction and retention of highly qualified directors and to address the time, effort,
expertise and accountability required of active Board membership. Our executive compensation is designed to drive performance, mitigate risks and align the interests of
our executives with those of our shareholders. We have designed our executive compensation program to ensure that a significant portion of pay is variable and based on
a mix of company and individual performance. In 2025, our STI program included a sustainability-related multiplier (upward/downward adjustment of up to 10%), designed
to encourage accountability under our four sustainability-related pillars while maintaining the primary focus on achieving the underlying financial performance metrics our
sustainability-related initiatives support. For 2025, the Compensation Committee approved an upward adjustment of 8% based on our 2025 sustainability-related actions.
Our STI program covers all our executives. Starting in 2026, a single, comprehensive strategic scorecard will apply to all executives under our STI program, replacing the prior
multiplier, providing stakeholders greater context to assess performance rigor and outcomes.
As part of our continued commitment to transparent and constructive engagement with shareholders, we conducted eight discussions with investors leading up to our
2025 Annual Meeting and, following the results of the 2025 Say-on-Pay vote, we conducted an additional 18 post-Annual Meeting discussions with investors holding more
than 25% of our outstanding shares. Each engagement also included members of senior management, including our Executive Vice President & General Counsel, along with
representatives from our Investor Relations, Compensation and Legal functions. Our Board conducted an in-depth review of the shareholder feedback provided in 2025 to
develop an appropriate response to the 2025 Say-on-Pay vote, evaluating actions both in terms of potential changes to practices and disclosure.
For more information, see 2026 Proxy Statement, pgs. 44-45 (Board of Directors); pgs. 46-72 (Named executive officers); pgs. 51-53 (Say-on-Pay follow-up engagement).
2-20
remuneration policies and for determining remuneration
2026 Proxy Statement, pgs. 44-72
2-21
Annual total compensation ratio: Ratio of the annual total
compensation for the organization’s highest-paid individual to the
median annual total compensation for all employees, ratio of the
percentage increase
2026 Proxy Statement, pg. 86
2-22
Statement on sustainable development strategy: CEO Letter
or message
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > A message from our CEO
2-23
Policy commitments: List of all policy commitments for responsible
business conduct
Our commitments for responsible business can be found throughout our various policies and statements. Many are made available on our company’s (or subsidiaries’)
website. Refer to each applicable document for its scope, review and approval process.
Strategy, Policies and Practices
Anti-Corruption Policy (main policy)
Broad-Based Compensation Recovery Policy
Director Independence Policy
Erroneously Awarded Compensation Recovery Policy
Government Relations Policy
Otis Absolutes
Otis Human Rights Position Statement
Related Person Transaction
Australia Modern Slavery Statement
Conflict Minerals Policy governing the Otis Supply Chain
German Supply Chain Act
Human Rights Policy Governing the Otis Supply Chain Policy
Norwegian Transparency Act
Otis Canada Modern Slavery and Transparency Acts
Supplier Code of Conduct
UK Modern Slavery Statement
26
For our policies and statements at the supply chain level, visit our Human Rights in the supply chain webpage. The webpage includes the following documents:
2-24
Embedding policy commitments
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Our Business & Responsibilities > How our vision aligns with our business strategy and mission > Why this matters to our business
2-25
Processes to remediate negative impacts: Identify and address
grievances
We conduct appropriate due diligence and screening of third parties with whom we do business, leveraging independently provided data to help identify and resolve
potential risks and to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Our purchasing procurement guidelines and standard purchasing terms and conditions
include health and safety, environmental and human rights considerations and requirements. To maintain our culture of integrity and trust and drive compliance with
our Otis Absolutes and company policies, we conduct several ethics and compliance directed internal audits, including on business processes, compliance with policies
and regulations and management of third-party business partners each year. Additionally, we conduct audits focused on anti-bribery, anti-corruption, trade compliance
and antitrust. We also regularly consult with our stakeholders as described in GRI 2-29. We empower our colleagues and other stakeholders to speak up if they suspect
wrongdoing. Otis colleagues can report concerns directly to a supervisor or manager, our Legal or Human Resources departments, or one of our global networks of Ethics
and Compliance Officers and professionals, 80 of whom were locally based at the end of 2025. Other stakeholders can report their concerns using our reporting channels. All
reported concerns are investigated via the same confidential, thorough investigative process, irrespective of the reporting method or reporter’s identity. We maintain thirdparty managed, public-facing platforms for those who wish to report indirectly or anonymously, including a 24/7 hotline with translators available or with a web-based form.
Otis colleagues can access these channels both internally and externally. These anonymous reporting channels also are available via our website to other stakeholders, such
as our customers, passengers, subcontractors and suppliers.
2026 Proxy Statement, pgs. 14-17; 19
We conduct an independent and thorough investigation into any specific and credible allegation of a violation of law, policy or our Otis Absolutes in a timely manner. The
overarching intent of our investigation process is to understand the facts; to gain insights needed to apply corrective actions, such as new controls, awareness training or
additional process steps for prevention; and to hold one another accountable for misconduct. Senior management monitors investigations to ensure that disciplinary actions
are fairly and consistently applied across Otis and that significant matters are reviewed with the Board. We ensure that anyone who raises concerns or reports wrongdoings
can do so without fear of retaliation. Otis vigorously investigates any allegations of retaliation, and if any colleagues are found to have engaged in retaliatory conduct, we
subject them to disciplinary action up to termination.
We require our suppliers to facilitate the timely discovery, investigation and reporting of actual or suspected misconduct, and to implement appropriate corrective actions.
We hold them accountable to cooperate in comprehensive and fair investigations with the participation of their own suppliers, as necessary. If an investigation concludes
that a violation has occurred, appropriate corrective or disciplinary actions must be taken. We may at any time choose to terminate our relationship with any supplier that
fails to meet our expectations or does not correct violations in a timely or proper manner.
2-26
27
Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns: Process in
raising concerns about the organization’s code of conduct
GRI 2-25
2-27
Compliance with laws and regulations: Report the total number of
non-compliance instances with laws and regulations
2025 Form 10-K, Note 20: Contingent Liabilities
2-28
Membership associations: List of membership associations
In 2025, we were a member of several organizations, including but not limited to, the Alliance for Competitive Taxation, the Connecticut Business Industry Association,
Disability:IN, the European Elevator Association, the National Elevator Industry Inc., the National Foreign Trade Council, the Responsible Labor Initiative and Responsible
Minerals Initiative forums of the Responsible Business Alliance and the U.S. China Business Council. In addition, Otis was a member and an active participant of the
United Nations Global Compact and a GOLD Member of U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC). Our CEO was a member of the Business Roundtable (including its board
and its tax committee), Chair of its Trade & International Committee, and Co-Chair of its China Working Group. She also served as a member of the Board of the U.S. China
Business Council.
Reporting Channels
Stakeholder Engagement
2-29
Approach to stakeholder engagement: Describe how to engage and
identify stakeholders
We regularly consult with our stakeholders.
Colleagues: We believe that engaged Otis colleagues deliver better service to our customers. We measure engagement by conducting colleague surveys. The results,
which are reported to our Board and management, help us assess how colleagues feel about working for Otis. We use the survey results to develop action plans to
address areas of concern. Engagement surveys, which anonymize the data, cover topics such as safety, ethics, quality, company prospects, belonging, empowerment,
accountability and managerial effectiveness. Colleague/direct management communications occur on a regular basis sharing business information, resource management,
customer activities, Otis Absolutes discussions and expectations, and human resource topic engagement and development. We also engage with our works councils
and union representatives on a regular basis and in accordance with local laws and have implemented townhalls for certain business functions. Our colleagues can also
engage in many initiatives through our colleague-led BRGs.
Communities and passengers: We see corporate citizenship as a business imperative to help attract key talent, strengthen our brand reputation and support long-term
customer loyalty and business expansion. Through our reporting channels, communities and our passengers can engage with Otis on any issues of concern. For more
information, see GRI 2-25 and GRI 2-26.
Customers: We capture the voice of our customers through our Customer Advisory Board (CAB) and our annual customer survey. The CAB consists of key clients from
around the globe and meets three times per year. We use these meetings to collect feedback, answer questions and share important business updates. We also collect
comments through our business bids. As with other stakeholders, all our customers can also provide comments via our reporting channels.
Government Relations and the Otis PAC: Our Government Relations may engage occasionally with policymakers to provide perspectives on our business and the
potential impact of contemplated legislative or regulatory actions. Any such engagement is conducted prudently, transparently and in full compliance with the law.
Where appropriate, Otis may make contributions through the Otis PAC to candidates who support policies aligned with our business priorities and long-term shareholder
interests, irrespective of political affiliation. In 2025, total political contributions through the Otis PAC were less than USD 10,000. The Steering Committee of the Otis
PAC reviews candidates and approves contributions in accordance with the Otis PAC’s bylaws and operating guidelines. Federal Election Commission reports on political
contributions by the Otis PAC are available at www.fec.gov. For more information on this topic, see our 2026 Proxy Statement, pgs. 18; 96-97 and our Government
Relations Policy.
Industry: Otis participates in select trade associations to ensure we stay appropriately informed of relevant industry developments and public education efforts
regarding major issues of common concern to our industry. One of the ways we accomplish this is by participating in the Responsible Labor Initiative and Responsible
Minerals Initiative forums of the Responsible Business Alliance, the world’s largest industry coalition dedicated to responsible business conduct in global supply chains.
We are also members of other key organizations as described in GRI 2-28. Our participation in trade associations does not imply endorsement of any specific political
position taken by those associations or organizations, nor do we expect associations or organizations in which we participate to engage in political campaign activities.
Investors: In 2025, Investor Relations regularly fielded inquiries from Otis shareholders regarding Otis’ sustainability‑related strategies and actions, and the Corporate
Secretary organized 26 stewardship‑focused investor meetings, representing approximately 40% of shares outstanding. These meetings – led by either the Board
Lead Director or the Board Compensation Committee Chair – addressed priority governance and compensation topics. Invitations were extended to 31 top investors
representing approximately 52% of Otis shares outstanding. As noted in GRI 2-19, we also conducted, as part of our continued commitment to transparent and
constructive engagement with shareholders, eight discussions with investors leading up to our 2025 Annual Meeting and, following the results of the 2025 Say-on-Pay
vote, an additional 18 post-Annual Meeting discussions with investors holding more than 25% of our outstanding shares. See 2026 Proxy Statement, pgs. 17; 40-43; 47;
51-53.
Suppliers: We engage with our suppliers to help protect human rights in the supply chain and collaborate with our strategic suppliers to identify greenhouse gas
emissions reduction opportunities for the most carbon intensive materials (e.g., steel and steel fabrications). We also offer supplier training materials in multiple
languages to help them navigate the carbon accounting process and support the development of their greenhouse gas emissions reduction programs.
2-30
28
Collective bargaining agreements: How the organization engages in
collective bargaining with its employees
We support Otis colleagues’ rights and commit to adhering to local laws regarding freedom of association and collective bargaining. We have relationships with trade unions
and works councils in the regions where we operate. Approximately 64% of our workforce in the U.S. is covered by collective bargaining agreements. Outside the U.S., our
colleagues may be represented by works councils, trade unions or statutory labor unions as may be customary or required in those jurisdictions. The collective bargaining
agreement for most of our bargaining unit colleagues in the U.S. was renewed without disruption in July 2022 and is set to expire in July 2027.
2025 Form 10-K, pg. 7
Material topics
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
3-1
Process to determine material topics: Process in how to determine
material topics
Otis identifies, assesses, monitors, manages and mitigates business and compliance risks through its comprehensive risk program. The Board works with management to
develop appropriate risk tolerances and oversees the management of risks that could significantly affect the company’s compliance, operation and growth objectives, and
regularly receives reports on the risks implicated by the company’s strategic decisions concurrent with the deliberations leading to those decisions. The Board annually
receives regular ERM reports and is briefed on emerging or new risks as they arise. The Board delegates certain risk management responsibilities, and the Audit Committee
is delegated oversight over Otis’ ERM policies and practices. The Nominations and Governance Committee is delegated oversight over most sustainability-related risks
(including climate-related risks and opportunities; meeting stakeholders’ expectations; inclusion; ethical culture; and colleague and passenger safety), with the Audit
Committee overseeing sustainability-related disclosures, reporting and controls.
The ERM process is focused on identifying and reporting risks with reference to three criteria: (i) the severity of impact with respect to a variety of factors, including financial
damages, settlements or fines, reputation, or operational impacts; (ii) the likelihood of impact; and (iii) the status of mitigation efforts. Risk mitigation actions and monitoring
related to ERM top risks are continuous over the course of the year. Annual ERM risk assessments and mitigation plans for the regions and World Headquarters (WHQ)
functional departments are reviewed by the Risk and Compliance Council (RCC), Otis Executive Leadership Team, the CEO, and, ultimately, the Board. The Otis ERM Council,
consisting of cross-functional leadership, performs an ongoing monitoring role, through metrics and other tracking mechanisms, to ensure effective implementation of the
risk mitigation plans by the regions and WHQ functional departments, and reports to the RCC. Risk owners monitor and implement mitigation plans with respect to risks
within their scope.
The ERM process involves both a bottom-up approach and a top-down approach.
Our bottom-up approach involves Otis regional management identifying sites that will conduct formal business and compliance risk assessments based on operational
data and other information sources (e.g., number of safety incidents, verified compliance events, new or changing local regulations or laws, sustainability-related
reporting obligations at the local and/or regional levels, customer preferences, order backlog, market conditions, and the availability of talent). These considerations are
typically short-term and medium-term risks. Physical risks (both acute and chronic) may be identified at the local level through an Asset Protection Process (APP), which
is separate from the ERM process. The APP includes but is not limited to physical inspections of key Otis locations, guidelines for natural hazard protections, emergency
planning procedures, self-inspection programs and property construction specifications.
Our top-down approach takes a strategic view of the business and considers the input from the regional ERMs and Otis WHQ functions which focus on global enterprise
risks such as product development, emerging or disruptive technologies, cybersecurity, privacy, third-party management, as well as emerging risk areas.
All top risks identified during the ERM risk assessment process have a mitigation plan that is monitored by the regions and, for top global risks, by the Otis ERM Council,
chaired by the SVP, Global Compliance, and VP, Internal Audit. Each top risk identified at the WHQ level and confirmed by the Board is assigned to a risk owner. The ERM
Council meets regularly over the course of the year to review specific risks and the status of related mitigation actions.
Sustainability-related risks and corresponding mitigation actions that do not make the list of top ERM risks (including climate-related risks) – as well as sustainability-related
impacts, opportunities and their related dependencies – are managed by the applicable business functions, using a modified risk assessment process, focusing on the short-,
medium- and long-term horizons. These identified risks are further mitigated at that functional department level through regular meetings with various key stakeholders and
regions, and cross-functional workstreams and committees. Working with management, the Board supports discussions around escalating risks as business needs dictate.
For our climate-related risk assessment, we define short-term horizon to mean within the next two years, in alignment with periods in which operational efficiencies could
be obtained. We define medium-term horizon to mean occurring sometime three to eight years from today (roughly 2033 and the years adjacent). Our long-term horizon
means after the next nine years and beyond. Risks are considered material to the organization under this modified risk assessment approach if when considering severity,
likelihood and status of mitigation efforts, the risk is material to Otis as a whole. When assessing severity, the impact is generally material when it is greater than 1-3% of
total revenues. However, impact/severity is only one aspect of the assessment. The determination of material opportunities is aligned with how we define material risks under
this modified risk assessment process, but with a focus on the time horizon over which the effect occurs as well as impact of the opportunity. From a quantitative standpoint,
like risks, opportunities are determined to be material under this modified risk assessment approach if they are greater than 1-3% of total revenues. Topics identified under
this modified approach may not be considered material under our ERM process or SEC standards.
3-2
29
List of material topics: List of organization’s material topics, i.e.,
Materiality Matrix
Through a robust assessment conducted in 2021, which used a different risk assessment approach than our ERM process and SEC standards, we identified sustainability-related
topics important to Otis within our four pillars. This modified assessment included internal and external stakeholder interviews, benchmarking of our competitors and
industrial peers and a review of reporting frameworks. It assessed the business impact to Otis (business impact) and importance to external stakeholders (importance) based
on a low-to-high range scale. While this assessment informed us of topics important to Otis, these topics may not be considered material under our ERM process or SEC
standards.
Our 2021 identified topics were:
• Public health, safety & accessibility (medium business impact & high importance)
• Workforce wellbeing, health & safety (high business impact & high importance)
• Product quality & reliability (high business impact & high importance)
• Regulatory, compliance & anti-corruption (high business impact & high importance)
• Ethics & integrity (high business impact & high importance)
• Sustainable supply chain (high business impact & high importance)
• Cybersecurity, data privacy & intellectual property (high business impact & high importance)
• Waste (low business impact & medium importance)
• Product design & sustainable innovation (medium business impact & high importance)
• Emissions, energy & climate change (high business impact & high importance)
• Otis colleague development, engagement & retention (medium business impact & medium importance)
• Community engagement (medium business impact & high importance)
• Inclusion (high business impact & high importance)
As noted in more detail in the TCFD section of our Appendix, we also performed in 2024-2025 qualitative and quantitative climate scenario analyses under a modified risk
assessment approach. Risks were assessed prior to considering any existing mitigation measures. While none of the risks and opportunities identified as part of our climate
scenario analysis were determined to be material under this modified risk assessment approach (including under our ERM process and SEC standards), they provided us with
a broader understanding of global climate-related risks and opportunities across the organization that will help us further enhance our resilience and strengthen our climate
mitigation and adaptation strategies. For information on our global climate scenario analysis, see 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
GRI 100: Universal
GRI 101: Biodiversity 2024
3-3
Management of material topic
At the current time, we do not have a formal corporate policy covering biodiversity; however, we have other environmental policies that cover various sides of our operations
and supply chain and look at our environmental impacts throughout the lifecycle of our equipment. With respect to our suppliers, we require adherence to our Supplier Code
of Conduct and ask our suppliers to comply with or exceed all applicable environmental and health and safety rules, including those regarding chemicals, persistent organic
pollutants, hazardous waste, noise, and preservation of soil, water and air, and to keep in mind principles of sustainable development and management, and preservation
of the environment. Our factory sourcing considers environmental impacts when making purchasing decisions. We also include environmental questions in our supplier
selection and review processes.
101-1
Policies to halt and reverse biodiversity loss: Describe policies
and how informed by the Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiversity
Framework; how they apply to its activities and business
relationships; report goals and targets
GRI 101:3-3
101-2
Management of biodiversity impacts
Otis does not assess biodiversity-related actions for this area of importance across all of our direct operations (i.e., nearly 2,100 locations). For our manufacturing locations, we
utilized the World Wildlife Foundation Biodiversity Risk Filter to do an initial screening.
101-3
Access and benefit-sharing: Describe the process to ensure
compliance with access and benefit-sharing regulations and
measures; describe voluntary actions taken to advance access and
benefit-sharing
Not applicable.
101-4
101-5
30
Identification of biodiversity impacts: Explain how it has determined
which of its sites and which products and services in its supply
chain have the most significant actual and potential impacts on
biodiversity
GRI 101:3-3; GRI 101-2
Locations with biodiversity impacts
101-6
GRI 101-2
Direct drivers of biodiversity loss such as land sea use change,
exploitation of natural resources, climate change, pollution, invasive
alien species
Not reported.
101-7
Changes to the state of biodiversity
Not reported.
Ecosystem services
101-8
GRI 200: Economic
GRI 204: Procurement Practices 2016
3-3
Management of material topic
GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016
GRI 308; GRI 414
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Governance & Accountability > Responsible and resilient supply chain
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Environment & Impact > Climate change mitigation and adaptation > Resilience and management preparedness > Responsible
and climate resilient sourcing
Ethics, one of our Otis Absolutes, is embedded in our culture, guiding us to do the right thing and helping to ensure Otis colleagues understand our expectations. We have
an Anti-Corruption Policy setting forth our anti-corruption program and requirements. Ethics compliance risks are overseen by the Audit Committee with the support
of senior management, including our Chief Compliance Officer. We have a dedicated team of Otis colleagues around the world developing and implementing Otis’ global
compliance program, covering compliance training and awareness, due diligence and screening, and grievance, investigation and audit processes. We regularly train eligible
Otis colleagues on ethics and compliance topics, including on anti-corruption, through a variety of training programs and events. Our procurement colleagues are regularly
trained on supplier sustainability-related issues, including on human rights and anti-corruption.
Our standard purchasing terms and conditions include health and safety, human rights and environmental requirements. They also require our suppliers to abide by our
Supplier Code of Conduct as a condition of doing business with us. Available in 33 languages on our website, the code holds our suppliers accountable to the same
standards we apply to ourselves, starting with our Absolutes of Safety, Ethics and Quality, and including respecting anti-corruption and anti-bribery, fair competition and
operational profile, and strengthened the procedures for our on-site audit of suppliers with additional human rights and environmental risk emphasis, providing specific
sustainability-related training to auditors.
205-1
For more information on our ethics programs, see GRI 2-25; GRI 2-26; GRI 2-27.
Operations assessed for risks related to corruption: Measures
the extent of the risk assessment’s implementation across an
organization
GRI 2-25
205-2
Communication and training about anti-corruption policies
and procedures: Total number and percentage of anticorruption training
We provide various ethics training programs to eligible Otis colleagues, covering anti-corruption and anti-bribery and other ethics topics such as human rights, modern
slavery, anti-human trafficking, antitrust, conflicts of interest, protecting company data, cybersecurity, data protection, anti-harassment and anti-discrimination.
Ethics Talk: Ethics Talk is an annual initiative at Otis. It is designed to give supervisors the tools to lead a thoughtful ethics conversation with their teams about The Otis
Absolutes and how these Otis principles guide decision-making when faced with ethical dilemmas. Ethics Talk involves scenario-based training, customized for relevance
to each team’s area of work. In 2025, the completion rate for Ethics Talk was over 96%. The 2025 program focused on the importance of open dialogue on ethics and
psychological safety in our workplace. The visible engagement of our leaders in these conversations sends a powerful message about our commitment to integrity and
fostering a culture where every voice matters. Ethics Talk remains a cornerstone event creating space for teams to reflect, share insights, and address real-world ethical
challenges that strengthen performance and organizational success. It is also an essential component of our ethics messaging to our field professionals, who represent
more than 60% of Otis’ workforce.
Compliance training: Otis has implemented a risk-based approach for our compliance training program. We provide quarterly online training to eligible Otis colleagues.
Completion rate for our quarterly online modules was over 96% in 2025. In addition, approximately 97% of applicable Otis colleagues affirmed their understanding and
adherence to The Otis Absolutes and Otis policies through an annual certification. In 2025, a global field training was developed specifically in mind to provide our frontline colleagues practical guidance on identifying and managing potential conflicts of interest. This module had over a 57% completion rate.
New hire training: We assign newly hired eligible Otis colleagues a suite of online courses geared to key compliance risk areas that we require them to complete within
the first 30 days of employment. In addition, we assign these colleagues a custom-built course called Living our Absolutes, Today and Every Day that introduces our
company’s values and commitments to ethical practices. In 2025, approximately 90% of these new hires completed the recommended suite of ethics and compliance
training.
Global Ethics Day and Global Ethics Week: Otis organizes Global Ethics Week annually during the third week of October, coinciding with Global Ethics Day. While our
commitment to ethics is year-round, Ethics Week offers the opportunity for greater engagement in specific ethics programming, encouraging Otis colleagues to do the
right thing when ethical challenges arise. The programming involves a combination of live, interactive, and print-based initiatives and training. Among other things,
through Ethics Week, we increase the visibility of our Ethics and Compliance Officers around the globe and positively highlight colleagues who have taken courageous
action to speak up when things did not seem quite right. The 2025 theme, “The Ripple Effect: Every Action Counts” reminded us that even the smallest actions can create
lasting impact. Every choice we make contributes to a ripple that shapes our culture, builds trust, and inspires others, ultimately influencing our daily work experience,
customer satisfaction, and Otis’ reputation worldwide.
In addition, we require our suppliers to provide regular training to their employees on the Supplier Code of Conduct, including on anti-corruption.
205-3
Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken: Total number
and nature of confirmed incidents of corruption
GRI 300: Environmental
GRI 302: Energy 2016
Otis maintains energy best management practices focused on operational efficiency and climate resilience. Our global standards and policies address energy management,
defining the elements essential for assessing, managing and decreasing energy consumption. Their purpose is to help mitigate risks and minimize potential environmental
impacts, establish best practices, lower overall operating costs and reduce variability in energy expenses. Our management systems are based on ISO 50001 and ISO 14001.
At the end of 2025, all our factories were ISO 14001-certified, with 75% ISO 50001-certified.
Under our management systems, we track our energy consumption by sources at global, regional, country and factory levels. We prioritize energy sources for our factories
that support more reliable operations and reduce costs. Our strategy primarily focuses on using electricity generated from geothermal, solar, sustainably sourced biomass,
including biogas, hydropower and wind energy. In cases where on-site solar installations (through direct ownership or PPAs) are not feasible or do not meet the energy
demand, we explore offsite projects such as virtual PPAs, with a focus on our operations in the U.S. and Europe. We align our renewable energy strategies with the GHG
Protocol Scope 2 Guidance. At the end of 2025, solar arrays were installed at ten of our factories either through direct ownership or PPAs, with our Vigo and Madrid, Spain,
factories expanding their installation. Our on-site solar initiatives in 2025 resulted in cost savings of over USD 430,000 for the year. We also continued to implement green
energy procurement at our factories in Gien, France and Istanbul, Türkiye. Beyond our factory initiatives, we purchased renewable energy for our office and branch locations
in eight countries, with locations in three of these countries (Austria, France and Netherlands) sourcing 100% renewable electricity usage.
Both internal and external audits and reviews are routinely performed, providing critical insights that continuously help enhance our understanding of operating
requirements. When gaps are revealed, corrective actions are developed and then tracked to resolution. Examples of audits and reviews are:
Corporate energy assessments performed at least every three years, as required by our EH&S management systems;
Additional third-party audits provided for facilities that maintain ISO 50001 certifications.
31
Compliance and Factory Risk Audits, which are part of our internal EH&S audit program performed at least once every four years; and
302-1
32
Energy consumption within the organization: Total fuel
consumption within the organization from non-renewable and
renewable sources
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs)
302-2
Energy consumption outside of the organization: Upstream and
downstream categories and activities from the GHG Protocol
Corporate Value Chain (scope 3)
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs)
302-3
Energy intensity: Types of energy included in the intensity ratio;
whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs)
302-4
Reduction of energy consumption: Reductions in energy
consumption achieved as a direct result of conservation and
efficiency initiatives, types of energy included in the reductions
By the end of 2025, we had implemented over 93% of feasible energy best management practices at our factories globally, with six of our factories achieving 100% completion.
In addition, over 73% of electricity used at our factories globally came from renewable sources, an increase of 8 percentage points from 2024.
302-5
Reductions in energy requirements of products and services:
Example, the energy requirements of a car or a computer
We invest in R&D and digital initiatives to develop smart, connected designs and technologies and efficient features. For instance, our Compass dispatching system provides
building traffic flows and usage data, helping our customers identify opportunities for potential energy savings through optimized dispatching during reduced demand. In
2025, we introduced Compass Infinity, an AI enhanced dispatching system that analyzes real-time passenger demand and proactively adapts to minimize wait times.
See also GRI 302:3-3.
Through modernization, we are leveraging digitalization and energy efficient technologies and updating equipment with intelligent, connected systems while saving
materials’ replacement costs and helping to create possible energy savings for our customers. As an illustration, equipping elevators with ReGen drives, LED lighting and
standby technologies can help reduce our customers’ building energy consumption by a meaningful percentage depending on the unit being modernized. Our ReGen drive
feeds electrical energy back into the building power grid during braking which can then be used to drive other equipment in the building. Our ReGen drive is a substantial
contributor to achieving the highest efficiency ranking according to ISO standards for many of our products around the world.
With respect to our repair and maintenance business, we use route optimization software combined with business processes in our service network to group our
maintenance units into efficient route structures to help reduce travel times, increase productive time and lower travel-related emissions and costs. In several countries,
we are using telematics to enable our local fleet managers to collect and analyze information about mileage and driver habits. These insights provide opportunities for
maintenance route optimization and efficient vehicle use. In 2025, we launched a new AI-driven route optimization system to further help improve our operational efficiency,
enhance cost savings and boost productivity and service consistency. We also enhanced our landmark Otis ONE IoT solution with AI features, increasing our repair assistance
capabilities. Otis ONE automatically collects elevator data and transfers it to the cloud, providing real-time information to customers and/or field professionals. Otis ONE
enables our technical experts to monitor elevators’ health in real time, and when possible and where allowed, to perform remote interventions to resolve issues quickly,
improving uptime and increasing service quality, and ultimately resulting in less service calls and corresponding travel-related emissions and energy consumption and costs.
With approximately 1.1 million connected units globally (which include units under the warranty period) and Otis ONE deployed in over 34 countries and territories at the end
of 2025, we avoided mechanic dispatches on 14% of all service calls globally (approximately 100,000 service visits) from connected units, resulting in approximately USD 10 million
in productivity improvements for Otis in 2025.
GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018
We have global standards and policies on our water withdrawal and wastewater generation. We use water primarily for Otis colleague sanitation purposes in our facilities
and offices as our manufacturing processes require minimal water usage. We use the World Wildlife Foundation Risk Filter Suite to classify water use scarcity around the
world in five areas of basin risk. In 2025, we had no factories in very high-risk areas, five in high-risk areas, seven in medium-risk areas, and five in low-risk areas. All sites,
regardless of their size and location, have implemented water balance and leak-management planning, which we consider the minimum water best management practices.
303-1
Interactions with water as a shared resource: Interactions with water,
how and where water is withdrawn, consumed, and discharged, and
the water-related impacts
Since 2021, our reported water withdrawal has decreased by 11%. Otis has an implementation strategy aligned with the amount of water used and customized to the
applicable location’s water-scarcity regional assessment. All Otis locations, regardless of whether they meet the quarterly water withdrawal reporting threshold noted in
GRI 303-5, are required to maintain fully functioning water, sanitation and hygiene services. The provision of these services is required both by local regulation (in most cases)
and in all cases by mandatory Otis health and safety standards. Compliance with these and other standards is assessed on a routine basis through the Otis compliance and
assurance review process. We also recycle portions of previously used water for non-drinkable reuse purposes and have started rainwater harvesting at our Vigo, Spain facility.
See 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs) for information on our water metrics.
33
Management of water discharge-related impacts: Controlling
the quality of effluent discharge refers to the physical, chemical,
biological, and taste-related characteristics of water
Potential water pollutants (POTWs) are identified through the regulatory process in the jurisdiction of each Otis manufacturing facility. Otis facilities discharge wastewater
to publicly owned treatment works, which are themselves regulated. One exception is with our Sao Bernardo, Brazil facility, where sanitary wastewater is treated and
either reused in the facility’s cooling towers or is discharged by permit to a nearby surface water body. Most of our facilities have non-industrial discharges only, with a few
exceptions. Periodic wastewater analysis is performed according to the permit requirements, which are typically administered by the local jurisdictions through these POTWs.
The Bangalore, India facility permit requires the monthly sampling for nickel, hexavalent chromium, total chromium, copper, iron, sulfides and sulfates. Other locations do not
identify inorganic water pollutants as being relevant.
303-3
Water withdrawal: Surface water; Groundwater; Seawater; Produced
water; Third-party water
As part of the quarterly water withdrawal reporting campaigns, Otis requires the sites subject to reporting to identify the sources of their water withdrawals. These water
supplies can include municipal sources, non-municipal sources and those from onsite water recycling processes. A portion of our water also comes from rainwater harvesting
practices implemented at some of our locations (including, at our Vigo, Spain facility where we started harvesting rainwater). In 2025, third-party sources contributed 75% of
the total water used, based on metered data.
303-4
Water discharge: Surface water; Groundwater; Seawater; Produced
water; Third-party water
Because water is mostly used for sanitation purposes at Otis, we estimate discharge rates using monitored data from water coming into our facilities. In some cases, our
facilities are required by permit to monitor the rate of discharge as well. As part of the quarterly water withdrawal reporting campaigns, Otis requires eligible reporting sites
to estimate the volume of water discharged to a water treatment system or directly to the environment. Otis formally tracks and reports this information where required by a
permit or local regulation.
303-5
Water consumption: Water consumption measures water used by
an organization such that it is no longer available for use by the
ecosystem or local community
We measure and report on a quarterly basis all water withdrawn at our global production facilities and other nonproduction sites with an annual energy and water spend
greater than USD 100,000. Water withdrawn is then determined based on estimated discharge rates using monitored data from water coming into our facilities. We do not
measure or report our water usage for nearly 2,100 small branch locations, offices, workshops and warehouses that do not meet these criteria as water is not a critical
component of daily operations at these locations, the volumes withdrawn are considered minimal and their use of water is largely for sanitation purposes.
303-2
See 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs).
GRI 305: Emissions 2016
See 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs) for information on our water metrics.
We have policies and global standards addressing greenhouse gas emissions reduction management and resilience strengthening of our operations. Our management
systems are based on ISO 14001 and ISO 50001. All our factories are certified ISO 14001, with 75% ISO 50001-certified and two factories ISO 14064-1 and ISO 14068-1-certified.
Our climate‑related strategies include initiatives focused on energy efficiency and decarbonization across our facilities and products, service fleet electrification, and the use
of renewable energy. They also encompass initiatives related to operational workflows, product performance and asset life through modernization services, and resilience
strengthening of our operations including our supply chain. To minimize business interruptions and increased costs and strengthen our supply chain, we use enhanced
procurement practices and supplier risk assessments. Our purchasing procurement guidelines and standard purchasing terms and conditions include environmental
considerations and requirements. We require our suppliers to adhere to our Supplier Code of Conduct including principles embedded within such as our Absolutes of Safety,
Ethics and Quality. We expect our suppliers to: (i) comply with or exceed all applicable environmental rules; and (ii) minimize emissions. In 2025, we further improved our
procurement process with the implementation of several initiatives as noted in GRI 305-5.
To monitor our environmental impact, we annually report on our greenhouse gas emissions and related reductions, using the GHG Protocol standards based on operational
control and a calendar-year reporting period, and do not use carbon offsets in our calculations. We track our performance against our near-term science-based targets. Our
SBTs, which were validated by SBTi in April 2024, are: (i) reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 55% by 2033 from a 2021 baseline year (with the target
boundary including biogenic land-related emissions and removals from bioenergy feedstocks) and (ii) reduce absolute scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions from purchased
goods and services, business travel and use of sold products by 33% within the same timeframe and from the same baseline year. Looking ahead, we intend to develop a
formal and detailed climate transition plan to support future milestones. All our scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions calculations undergo third-party assurance review annually. For
2025, our emissions data went through third-party limited assurance-level assessment.
Both internal and external audits and reviews are routinely performed. When gaps are revealed, corrective actions are developed and then tracked to resolution.
For more information, see 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Environment & Impact and GRI 305-5.
305-1
34
Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs)
305-2
Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs)
305-3
Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions
For scope 3 emissions, two categories – Category 1 and Category 11 – constitute around 93.5% of our total scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions. For scope 3 Category 1, we
include our top 80% suppliers based on purchase spend. We calculate purchase spend and used component attributes, such as weight, when available, and applied a
combination of purchase spend to estimate our greenhouse gas emissions. Each supplier excluded from Category 1 contributes less than 0.1% of total Category 1 emissions,
based on screening results. Category 11 emissions are based on specific location (e.g., country) and relate to the equipment’s energy consumption over its projected life
expectancy. Categories 6 (Business travel) and Category 12 (End-of-life treatment of sold products) constitute a small portion of our emissions, with Category 6 emissions
data collected directly from our travel partners and Category 12 emissions calculated based on mass-based accounting. For other scope 3 categories determined to be
applicable to our business, we used a combination of financial data, purchased spend, and direct input from suppliers to calculate our emissions. Scope 3 categories that are
not applicable to our business operations are: Category 8 (Upstream leased assets); Category 10 (Processing of sold products); Category 13 (Downstream leased assets); and
Category 14 (Franchises).
GRI 2-4; GRI 305:3-3; GRI 305-5
GRI 2-4; GRI 305:3-3; GRI 305-5
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs)
305-4
GHG emissions intensity: Types of GHG emissions included in the
intensity ratio; whether direct (Scope 1), energy indirect (Scope 2),
and/or other indirect (Scope 3)
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs)
305-5
Reduction of GHG emissions: Scopes in which reductions took place;
whether direct (Scope 1), energy indirect (Scope 2), and/or other
indirect (Scope 3)
Relative to a 2021 baseline, our reported emissions decreased by 19.5% in our own operations (scope 1 and 2) and by 29.8% in purchased goods and services, business travel
and use of sold products (scope 3 Categories 1, 6 and 11).
GRI 2-4; GRI 305:3-3; GRI 305-3; GRI 305-5
Examples of initiatives that helped drive operational efficiency and reduced costs included: minimizing the use of compressed air through equipment design and
maintenance, upgrading to more efficient HVAC equipment and improving building insulation. We also continued to implement initiatives in the procurement of green
energy and increased the installation of solar arrays (either owned or using PPAs) at several of our factories, including our Vigo and Madrid, Spain factories. In addition, we
downsized or relocated some of our real estate portfolio in part to enhance operational efficiency and reduce costs. On the fleet side, our fleet strategy relies on assessing
fleet effectiveness and operational efficiency, evaluating the right types of vehicles for our business, including a focus on EVs, HEVs, fleet rationalization, fleet size assessment
and enhanced route optimization. At the end of 2025, our global fleet included 1,053 EVs and 1,413 HEVs, with EVs located in 24 countries, a year-over-year increase of 4 percentage
points. We conducted an inherent-risk assessment across our entire supplier base and deployed environmental sustainability specific considerations into on-site audits of
suppliers. We evaluated our suppliers for operational resilience, building supply redundancies across suppliers and geographies. We continued to assess strategic suppliers
on their reporting efforts, water and greenhouse gas emissions measuring capabilities, and their potential impact to deforestation. We continued to include environmental
questions in the sourcing review board requirements for new global sourcing events. We also embedded sustainability-related criteria into a new digital bidding tool,
increasing our sustainability considerations in our global supplier selection process. We continued to rank suppliers on their reporting efforts, greenhouse gas emissions
measuring capabilities and related environmental policies under our internal supplier performance reviews. We ranked all our existing suppliers on their greenhouse gas
emissions footprint and encouraged them under our Supplier Code of Conduct to publicly report their emissions and related reduction plans. To help navigate the carbon
accounting process and support the development of their emissions reduction plans, we offered supplier training materials in multiple languages. We continued to engage
with our strategic suppliers to identify emissions reduction opportunities for the most carbon intensive materials (e.g., steel and steel fabrications).
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs)
GRI 2-4; GRI 305:3-3; GRI 305-3
305-6
Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS): Production,
imports, and exports of ODS
We have global standards outlining minimum expectations for air pollution prevention.
305-7
Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur oxides (SOX), and other significant air
emissions: Significant air emissions, NOX, SOX, POP, VOC, HAP, PM
The emissions of nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx) and volatile organic compounds (VOC) from our factories and fleet operations are minimal in the context of our
operational footprint (excluding value chain). As a result, we currently do not include them as a separate category in our reporting.
GRI 305-6
35
Waste management is part of our EH&S management systems. Our waste policies and global standards address minimum expectations for waste management from our
operations and outline expectations for responsible consumption practices. Our purchasing procurement guidelines incorporate environmental considerations across our
equipment lifecycle. Within our factories, we prioritize responsible waste management practices, implementing initiatives to reduce, reuse and recycle both nonhazardous
and hazardous waste streams through closed‑loop logistics and supplier partnerships (including our equipment packaging for certain regions). At the end of 2025, close
to 90% of our factories were certified under the ZWTL standards. During the year, four additional factories achieved certification and one factory attained Gold status, with
more than 96% of program elements implemented under the TRUE framework in support of this certification. The TRUE framework is a rating system from GBCI, which
requires facilities to divert at least 90% of nonhazardous solid waste away from landfill, incineration (waste-to-energy) and the environment, through the adoption of
responsible waste management and reduction practices. All our factories in Spain – Leganés (Madrid), San Sebastián and Vigo – have the “Zero Waste” distinction from
Asociación Española de Normalización y Certificación (AENOR). This recognition certifies that more than 90% of the nonhazardous waste produced at these facilities is
diverted from landfills.
GRI 306: Waste 2020
Over recent years, we also have limited or eliminated the use of substances of concern during product development and manufacturing (13 substances, six of which are
Restriction of Hazardous Substances). Our approach includes minimizing the use of hazardous materials in products and reducing Otis colleagues' chemical exposure to
levels that do not require personal protective equipment (PPE) use in accordance with applicable law. Otis has had no significant halogenated solvents (more than 45
kilograms per year) used in the company’s operations since at least 2015. In 2025, over 95% of the industrial waste generated from our factories and service centers was
recycled in accordance with laws and regulations applicable at each site. Recycled materials included scrap metal, cardboard, paper, wood and other waste related to shopfloor activities (such as used oil at some of our U.S. sites, as permitted under U.S. rules).
In addition, our modernization focus as a key component of our business objectives reinforces our circularity initiatives in line with our environmental and business strategies.
Services like component/part upgrades and modernization allow customers to retain components of the unit that are not at the end of their useful lifetime instead of
replacing the entire system, which helps minimize material use and waste. We also continue to refurbish certain used parts for resale.
306-1
Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts: Impacts
relate to waste generated in the organization’s own activities or
to waste generated upstream or downstream in its value chain;
types of inputs and outputs can include raw materials, process
and manufacturing materials, leaks and losses, waste, by-products,
products, or packaging
GRI 306:3-3
306-2
Management of significant waste-related impacts: Circularity
measures taken to prevent waste generation in the organization’s
own activities and upstream and downstream in its value chain
GRI 306:3-3
306-3
Waste generated
In 2025, we generated around 142 metric tons of hazardous waste from our factories and service centers as classified under applicable laws and regulations. This amount
continues to represent less than 1% of our total industrial waste generated from these sites. For reporting purposes, Otis classifies hazardous waste in accordance with
applicable local, national and regional regulations in the jurisdictions where it operates (e.g., U.S. RCRA, E.U. Waste Framework Directive and equivalent regulations in other
countries). Accordingly, the classification of certain waste streams may vary between jurisdictions, and reported totals reflect local regulatory determinations at the point
of generation.
306-4
Waste diverted from disposal
306-5
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs)
Waste directed to disposal
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs)
To minimize business interruptions and increased costs and strengthen our supply chain, we use enhanced procurement practices and supplier risk assessments. Our
purchasing procurement guidelines and standard purchasing terms and conditions include environmental considerations and requirements. During the selection process,
our procurement team takes into consideration whether potential suppliers have environmental strategies aligned with ours and performs many other actions, as further
noted in GRI 305-5.
GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016
36
In addition, as a condition of doing business with us, we require our suppliers to adhere to our Supplier Code of Conduct under our standard purchasing terms and
conditions and to:
comply with or exceed all applicable environmental and health and safety rules, including those regarding chemicals, persistent organic pollutants, hazardous waste,
noise, and preservation of soil, water and air;
minimize waste, emissions, materials of concern, and consumption of energy, water and raw materials in their sourcing, manufacturing, packaging and transportation
processes;
if such suppliers must use chemicals or other materials that pose a hazard to the environment, ensure that they are handled, stored, managed and disposed of in a safe
manner; and
keep in mind principles of sustainable development and management, preservation of the environment, respect the rights of those who have claims to the land, and
consider their impact to the community, when occupying or using land.
We further require our suppliers to ensure that all products and services they provide to Otis comply with applicable regulations. In particular, they must declare to Otis
substances of concern contained in the goods they supply to us. Suppliers are required to train their employees, ensure compliance with the Supplier Code of Conduct,
ensure timely reporting of both actual and suspected violations of the code, promote an environment where legal and ethical issues can be raised without fear of
retaliation, including making reporting channels available to colleagues and business partners, and cooperate with our requests for information and support when subject
to an investigation.
For more information on our Supplier Code of Conduct and other policies applicable to our supply chain, visit our Human Rights in the supply chain webpage.
308-1
New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria:
Percentage of suppliers selected or contracted subject to due
diligence processes for environmental impacts
GRI 308:3-3
308-2
Disclosure: Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain
and actions taken: Percentage of suppliers identified as having
significant actual and potential negative environmental impacts
GRI 308:3-3
GRI 400: Social
GRI 401: Employment 2016
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > People & Communities
401-1
New employee hires and employee turnover
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs)
401-2
Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to
temporary or part-time employees
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > People & Communities > Employment policies, conditions and benefits
401-3
Parental leave
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > People & Communities > Employment policies, conditions and benefits
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs)
For our executive compensation programs, see GRI 2-19 and 2026 Proxy Statement, pgs. 46-72.
37
Our health and safety management systems apply to all work performed by Otis colleagues, directly supervised contractors, or subcontractors in Otis facilities, and at
jobsites where Otis is contracted to install, service, maintain, repair, modernize, dismantle or remove equipment such as elevators, escalators, conveyors or doors, or
components thereof. These management systems focus on four key strategic elements: (i) governance and systems, (ii) risk management, (iii) culture, and (iv) education, and
are based on ISO 45001. They help support our health and safety programs; strategies; training and awareness; data compilation systems; and auditing and annual program
evaluations. We have global safety and high-risk work activity standards to mitigate risks from the methods and tools our field professionals use to install, modernize and
service elevators and escalators and track various metrics to further our health and safety strategies. We also perform routine internal and external audits and reviews.
When gaps are revealed, corrective actions are developed and then tracked to resolution. At the end of 2025, we had over 87% of our factories ISO 45001-certified and strong
lagging indicators as described in 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Health & Safety.
GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018
We require suppliers to adhere to our Supplier Code of Conduct and assure a safe and healthy work environment for their employees, including reasonable work hours
and conditions, as well as their business invitees, comply with or exceed all applicable health and safety rules, and provide products and services with safety as a key guiding
principle.
403-1
Occupational health and safety management system: A description
of the scope of workers, activities, and workplaces covered by
the occupational health and safety management system, and an
explanation of whether and, if so, why any workers, activities, or
workplaces are not covered
GRI 403:3-3
403-2
Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation:
A description of the processes for workers to report work-related
hazards and hazardous situations, and an explanation of how
workers are protected against reprisals
Otis procedures require all operations and jobsites to have health and safety risk assessments conducted prior to the start of work. We have global standards that outline
the minimum requirements for conducting field risk assessments (FRA). This process provides a combined approach to prestart inspections, in-process audits, job hazard
analyses and verification of critical steps. The aim of the FRA is to identify and mitigate field risks during specific work types and tasks and assign clear ownership. We require
our subcontractor partners to meet Otis requirements concerning the use of only trained and authorized personnel, adherence to Otis methods and safety requirements, and
other critical elements. We have a detailed diligence process to ensure we are partnering only with companies that meet our rigorous expectations. We assess risks on active
jobsites through prestart inspections and Fatality Prevention Audits. Fatality Prevention Audits are used to evaluate the performance of field colleagues on activities related
to working on elevators and escalators. We also perform Focused Field Audits to measure our field operations’ compliance with our global field safety and management
system requirements. Focused Field Audits are performed at least once every four years. In addition, we assess subcontractor partner risks annually to identify higher-risk
subcontractors and develop individualized subcontractor partner action plans that we track at local and regional levels and review at the global level. We also review and
update our assessment criteria regularly. As part of our unwavering commitment to safety, we have strengthened our subcontractor partner risk management approach with
updated assessment criteria to address root causes identified in incident investigations. These improvements are designed to enhance engagement between supervisors and
subcontractor partners and ensure increased supervisor presence on job sites, reinforcing our dedication to creating the safest possible work environments.
403-3
For information on reporting of hazards, stop work authority, audits, investigations and corrective action plans, see 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Health & Safety >
Inspections, audits, reports and corrective actions and GRI 2-25; GRI 2-26.
Occupational health services: A description of the occupational
health services’ functions that contribute to the identification
and elimination of hazards and minimization of risks and how the
organization maintains the confidentiality of workers’ personal
health related information
For the functions that contribute to the identification and elimination of health and safety hazards and minimization of risks, see 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Health &
Safety and GRI 403:3-3; GRI 403-2.
403-4
Worker participation, consultation, and communication on
occupational health and safety: Participation in the occupational
health and safety management system
We engage with our field workforce through various ways, including through our annual Season of Safety event, our Significant Safety Event program, field feedback
program and through our newly established biannual global EH&S townhall meetings.
403-5
Worker training on occupational health and safety: Occupational
health and safety training provided to workers
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Health & Safety
With respect to the confidentiality of workers’ personal health related information, we have global privacy policies, and employee notices and procedures setting forth the
privacy and security measures implemented by the company’s U.S. health plan to protect the confidentiality of our U.S. colleagues’ protected health information. Our HIPAA
Privacy Officer sits within the Human Resources department and reports to the VP, Global Benefits. Our global privacy department also regularly evaluates our processing
activities for compliance purposes.
For more information on these programs, see 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Health & Safety > Educating and engaging field colleagues and partners.
403-7
Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety
impacts directly linked by business relationships: A description of
the organization’s approach to preventing or mitigating significant
negative occupational health and safety impacts that are directly
linked to its operations, products, or services
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Health & Safety
403-8
Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management
system: The number and percentage of all employees and workers
who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is
controlled by the organization, who are covered by such a system
Our health and safety management systems apply to all work performed by Otis colleagues, directly supervised contractors, or subcontractors in Otis facilities, and at
jobsites where Otis is contracted to install, service, maintain, repair, modernize, dismantle, or remove equipment such as elevators, escalators, conveyors or doors, or
components thereof.
403-9
Work-related injuries for employees and workers who are not
employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the
organization
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs)
403-10
Work-related ill health for employees and workers who are not
employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the
403-6
Promotion of worker health: Explanation of how the organization
facilitates workers’ access to non-occupational medical and
healthcare services, and the scope of access provided and a
description of any voluntary health promotion services and
programs offered to workers to address major non-work-related
health risks
GRI 404: Training and Education 2016
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > People & Communities > Employment policies, conditions and benefits
GRI 403:3-3; GRI 403-2; GRI 403-3; GRI 403-5; GRI 403-6
404-1
For information on our learning and development training programs, see 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > People & Communities > Learning and development and
performance reviews. For information on our health and safety training programs, see 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Health & Safety. For compliance training, see
GRI 205-2.
Average hours of training per year per employee: Average hours of
training gender and employee category
Otis does not collect training data to this degree.
404-2
Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition
assistance programs
404-3
For information on our learning and development training programs, see 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > People & Communities > Learning and development and
performance reviews.
Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career
development reviews: Percentage of total employees by gender
and by employee category who received a regular performance and
career development review during the reporting period
We provide performance reviews to eligible Otis colleagues for feedback and development opportunities.
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016
GRI 401; GRI 404
405-1
Diversity of governance bodies and employees: Percentage of
individuals within the organization, gender, age group and other
indicators of diversity
See 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs). For the Otis Board of Directors’ composition (and its respective committees’
composition), see 2026 Proxy Statement, pgs. 20-22; 39.
405-2
Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men: Average
pay of each gender grouping within each employee category
See 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > People & Communities > Employment policies, conditions and benefits for information on our global and country-level
pay analyses.
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs)
38
39
We are committed to protecting human rights and mitigating the risks of human rights violations (including on child and forced labor) across our operations and in our
global supply chain, and we demand the same from our suppliers. Our Otis Human Rights Position Statement and our Otis Absolutes, both published on our website,
encapsulate our commitment in this area. We are committed to respecting the fundamental rights and freedoms of all individuals touched by our operations, treating all
people fairly and with dignity, and complying with applicable labor practices and laws wherever we operate, including requirements related to health and safety, child and
forced labor, freedom of association, non‑discrimination, fair wages, and working hours. Human rights is overseen by cross-functional workstreams at the management level.
Our program follows the same risk-based compliance approach as our ethics programs, with due diligence, investigations, audits, training and corrective actions.
GRI 408: Child Labor 2016
We require our business partners to abide by these same principles under our standard purchasing terms and conditions through the Supplier Code of Conduct and
the Human Rights Policy Governing the Otis Supply Chain. We expect our business partners to conduct training, undergo compliance assessments and remediate noncompliance with these principles as a condition of their business relationship with Otis. In addition, we have a program designed to help detect, mitigate and deter human
rights and certain labor risks and violations (including those associated with conflict minerals and forced labor) in our supply chain. The program includes risk identification,
assessment, mitigation and due diligence activities. We also submit our UK Modern Slavery Statement, Australia Modern Slavery Statement, Norwegian Transparency Act
statement and Canada Modern Slavery and Transparency Acts statement to the applicable regulatory agencies. We include sustainability-related topics in our sourcing
review and selection and regularly train our procurement colleagues on sustainability-related issues, including through an enhanced human rights training module. We
perform appropriate risk mapping and access a broad array of suppliers to help reduce dependency risks and strengthen operational stability. In 2025, we further embedded
sustainability-related criteria into a new digital bidding tool, increasing our sustainability considerations in our global supplier selection process. We also conducted an
procedures for our on-site audit of suppliers with additional human rights and environmental risk emphasis, providing specific sustainability-related training to auditors.
We also hold memberships to various organizations to further inform our supplier risk assessments and due diligence processes, such as with the Responsible Business
Alliance through its Responsible Labor Initiative forum. We respect the value of raising awareness as a critical lever to mitigating risk of human rights violations and, as such,
we continue our initiatives on compliance training and awareness. As noted in GRI 2-25, we have grievance mechanisms to address potential claims and violations. We also
require our suppliers to implement policy and procedural processes regarding conflict minerals and exercise due diligence to investigate the source of these minerals and, in
a timely manner, address any findings of concern. For information on our conflict minerals program, see GRI 414:3-3.
For more information on our Supplier Code of Conduct and our human rights policies and statements, visit our Human Rights in the supply chain webpage.
408-1
Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child
labor: Child labor and young workers exposed to hazardous work,
type of operations and countries
GRI 409: Forced or Compulsory Labor 2016
409-1
Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or
compulsory labor: Operation, country, measures taken
GRI 413: Local Communities 2016
GRI 408:3-3
GRI 408:3-3
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Environment & Impact
413-1
Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments,
and development programs: Percentage of operations with
implemented local community engagement, impact assessments,
and/or development programs
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Environment & Impact
413-2
Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts
on local communities: Focus on significant actual and potential
negative impacts related to an organization’s operations
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Environment & Impact
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > People & Communities
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > People & Communities
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > People & Communities
To mitigate potential business disruptions, reduce dependency risks and strengthen our operational stability, we partner with a wide range of suppliers. Our procurement
program is designed to help detect, mitigate and deter human rights and certain labor risks and violations (including those associated with conflict minerals) in our supply
chain. The program includes supplier risk identification, assessment, mitigation and due diligence activities. As mentioned in GRI 408, we have strengthened our supplier
social assessment process through many initiatives and hold memberships to various organizations to further inform our supplier risk assessments and due diligence
processes, such as with the Responsible Business Alliance through its Responsible Labor Initiative forum (as described below).
GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016
40
Our standard purchasing terms and conditions include health and safety and human rights requirements as further described in GRI 408. They also require our suppliers to
abide by the Supplier Code of Conduct as a condition of doing business with us. Available in 33 languages on our website, the code holds our suppliers accountable to the
same standards we apply to ourselves, starting with our Otis Absolutes and our Otis Human Rights Position Statement. In addition, we require our suppliers to abide by the
Human Rights Policy Governing the Otis Supply Chain Policy and to respect the fundamental rights and freedoms of all individuals who touch their business operations,
treat all individuals fairly with dignity and respect, and abide by all fair labor practices and other human rights laws where they operate, including on health and safety,
minimum wages and maximum working hours. We also require our suppliers to provide regular training to their employees and to conduct reasonable due diligence to
ensure compliance with these principles and the Supplier Code of Conduct.
We have a conflict minerals program developed to comply with Dodd-Frank Act specifications and have adopted the Responsible Business Alliance’s Responsible Minerals
Initiative (RMI) recommended approach to determine the Reasonable Country of Origin Inquiry through Chain of Custody by focusing on smelters. RMI’s flagship program,
the Responsible Minerals Assurance Process, validates that smelter facilities have due diligence procedures around conflict minerals and are using their best efforts to source
from certified mines. We support surveyed suppliers with training on conflict minerals upon request. If we identify risk, which may include but is not limited to a supplier’s
non-compliance with our corporate policy on the sourcing of conflict minerals, we attempt to work with the supplier to correct the situation. A supplier’s failure to take
corrective action may lead to additional actions, including the reassessment of the supplier relationship. Risk assessment findings based on the supply chain survey and due
diligence are reported to senior management. In addition, we file an annual conflict minerals report with the SEC, which details our due diligence process including supplier
surveys, and have adopted a Conflict Minerals policy governing the Otis Supply Chain.
For more information on our policies, Supplier Code of Conduct, conflict minerals reports and human rights statements, see GRI 2-23 and our Human Rights in the supply
chain webpage. For more information on our child labor and forced labor assessment in our supply chain, see GRI 408:3-3.
414-1
New suppliers that were screened using social criteria: Percentage of
suppliers selected or contracted subject to due diligence processes
for social impacts
GRI 414:3-3
414-2
Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken:
Organization’s awareness of significant actual and potential
negative social impacts in the supply chain
GRI 414:3-3; GRI 408; GRI 409
GRI 415: Public Policy 2016
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Governance & Accountability > Ethics, human rights and political activities
GRI 2-29
2026 Proxy Statement, pgs. 18; 96-97
415-1
Political contributions
The Nominations and Governance Committee oversees our approach to public policy matters, including the company’s participation in programs and activities related to
political engagement or public policy issues. Pursuant to our corporate policy, any political contributions by Otis must be reviewed by Otis legal counsel and approved in
advance by the Head of Government Relations. In no event may any political contribution be offered or made that would constitute or create the appearance of a corrupt
payment as provided under our Anti-Corruption Policy.
Where appropriate, Otis may make contributions through the Otis Federal Political Action Committee (the Otis PAC) to candidates who support policies aligned with our
business priorities and long-term shareholder interests, irrespective of political affiliation. In 2025, total political contributions through the Otis PAC were less than USD 10,000.
The Steering Committee of the Otis PAC reviews candidates and approves contributions in accordance with the Otis PAC’s bylaws and operating guidelines. Federal Election
Commission reports on political contributions by the Otis PAC are available at www.fec.gov.
41
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Health & Safety > The safety of our passengers
416-1
Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service
categories: Percentage of significant product and service categories
for which health and safety impacts are assessed for improvement
The safety of our colleagues, customers, passengers and subcontractors is paramount to Otis. As part of our quality process, we test our products through every stage of life.
416-2
Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety
impacts of products and services
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Health & Safety > The safety of our passengers
GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016
GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Governance & Accountability > Quality and customer experience
See also GRI 416:3-3 and our disclosures in the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) section of this Appendix.
organization of privacy professionals with an executive lead reporting annually to the Board. We have internal policies and procedures designed to safeguard the personal
data entrusted to us. The program reports annually to the Board. See 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Governance & Accountability > Cybersecurity and data privacy and
2025 Form 10-K, pgs. 18-19; 22-24, for more information.
418-1
Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer
privacy and losses of customer data: Total number of substantiated
complaints received concerning breaches of customer privacy, leaks,
thefts, losses
Otis did not incur any material breaches of customer data. See 2025 Form 10-K, pgs. 18-19; 22.
42
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)
This appendix was prepared with reference to the Resource Transformation sector (Electrical & Electronic Equipment) SASB standards with accounting metrics from the Industrial Machinery & Goods standards included where deemed applicable to Otis’ operations.
TOPIC
Energy Management
ACCOUNTING METRIC
CATEGORY
UNIT OF MEASURE
CODE
RESPONSE/REFERENCE
(1) Total energy consumed,
(2) percentage grid electricity and
(3) percentage renewable
Quantitative
Gigajoules (GJ),
Percentage (%)
RT-EE-130a.1
(1) Total energy consumed: 599 GWh*
(2) Percentage grid electricity: 13.2%
(3) Renewable energy: 6.1%**
* Substantial portions of the total energy used stem from the Otis fleet (79%) and from estimates from our small
non-factory sites with no utility bill data.
** We define renewable energy in alignment with the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance as energy generated from
renewable sources (e.g., wind, solar, hydropower, geothermal and biomass), excluding nuclear and fossil fuels. Renewable
energy percentage is based on the documented renewable energy used over the total energy consumed.
Hazardous Waste
Management
Amount of hazardous waste generated;
percentage recycled
Quantitative
Metric tonnes (t),
Percentage (%)
RT-EE-150a.1
(1) 142 Mt, as classified under applicable laws and regulations.*
(2) Over 95% of the industrial waste generated from our factories and service centers was recycled in accordance
with laws and regulations applicable at each site. Recycled materials included scrap metal, cardboard, paper, wood
and other waste related to shop-floor activities (such as used oil at some of our U.S. sites, as permitted under
U.S. rules).
* For reporting purposes, Otis classifies hazardous waste in accordance with applicable local, national and regional
regulations in the jurisdictions where it operates (e.g., U.S. RCRA, E.U. Waste Framework Directive and equivalent
regulations in other countries). Accordingly, the classification of certain waste streams may vary between jurisdictions,
and reported totals reflect local regulatory determinations at the point of generation.
Product Safety
Product Lifecycle
Management
(1) Number and aggregate quantity of
reportable spills, (2) quantity recovered
Number,
Kilogrammes (kg)
RT-EE-150a.2
None recorded in 2025.
(1) Number of recalls issued, (2) total
units recalled
Number
RT-EE-250a.1
Not generally applicable to our business, as there are no recalls issued in the traditional sense for our products.
We closely monitor and respond to feedback from our field professionals and customers, determine field service
concerns, and provide resolutions to address the issues and mitigate the risk of recurrence, such as through the
use of field process improvements and product upgrades.
Total amount of monetary losses as a
result of legal proceedings associated
with product safety
Presentation currency
RT-EE-250a.2
Percentage of products by revenue that
contain IEC 62474 declarable substances
by revenue
RT-EE-410a.1
Over recent years, we have limited or eliminated the use of substances of concern during product development
and manufacturing (13 substances, six of which are Restriction of Hazardous Substances), with our suppliers
required to declare to us any substances of concern contained in the goods they supply to us. While our approach
includes minimizing the use of hazardous materials in products and reducing Otis colleagues' chemical exposure
to levels that do not require PPE use in accordance with applicable law, a majority of our products may contain
small amounts of International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) 62474 declarable substances in accordance with
applicable requirements.
Percentage of eligible products, by
revenue, certified to an energy efficiency
certification
by revenue
RT-EE-410a.2
Elevators and escalators are not eligible for energy ratings certification (such as ENERGYSTAR). However, we publish
on our website the environmental impacts of our major product lines throughout their lifecycle, including their
energy consumption, through our EPDs.
Revenue from renewable energy-related
and energy efficiency-related products
Presentation currency
RT-EE-410a.3
Our net sales information for New Equipment is disclosed in our Form 10-K. For more information, see 2025 Form
10-K, pgs. 35-36.
TOPIC
Materials Sourcing
Business Ethics
Workforce Health
and Safety
43
ACCOUNTING METRIC
CATEGORY
UNIT OF MEASURE
CODE
Description of the management
of risks associated with the use of
critical materials
Discussion and Analysis
n/a
RT-EE-440a.1
RESPONSE/REFERENCE
2025 Form 10-K, pgs. 6-7, 11-14
Description of policies and practices for
prevention of: (1) corruption and bribery
and (2) anti-competitive behaviour
Discussion and Analysis
n/a
RT-EE-510a.1
GRI 2-23 to GRI 2-26; GRI 205; GRI 414
Total amount of monetary losses as a
result of legal proceedings associated
with bribery or corruption
RT-EE-510a.2
Total amount of monetary losses as a
result of legal proceedings associated
with anti- competitive behaviour
regulations
RT-EE-510a.3
(1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR),
(2) fatality rate, and (3) near miss
frequency rate (NMFR) for (a) direct
employees and (b) contract employees
Rate
RT-IG-320a.1
(1) 0.59 TRIR (TRIR equals to [number of recordable cases x 200,000/number of exposure hours] in a given time period);
For our conflict minerals policy and our latest disclosures on conflict minerals, visit our Human Rights in the
supply chain webpage. See also GRI 308; GRI 414.
(2) Two subcontractor fatal injuries. We, however, did not incur any fatality of Otis colleagues; and
(3) Not reported.
ACTIVITY METRICS
Number of Units Produced by Product Category
Number
RT-EE-000.A
We do not report the number of units produced for competitive reasons, but we disclose our net sales under our
New Equipment and Service segments. For more information, see 2025 Form 10-K, pgs. 35-38.
Number of Employees
RT-EE-000.B
44
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
DISCLOSURE FOCUS AREA
RECOMMENDED DISCLOSURE
COMMENTS
REFERENCE
Disclose the organization’s
governance around
climate-related risks and
opportunities
a) Describe the board’s oversight
of climate-related risks and
opportunities
For more information, see 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Governance & Accountability > Sustainability-related governance, risks and reporting
standards and GRI 3-1.
2025 Otis Connect &
Thrive > Governance
& Accountability >
Sustainability-related
governance, risks and
reporting standards
b) Describe management’s role in
assessing and managing climaterelated risks and opportunities
At the management level, functional leads are accountable for sustainability-related matters within their respective areas under direct oversight of
the CEO and, ultimately, the Board primarily through the Nominations and Governance Committee. These leaders are supported by cross-functional
committees and workstreams that integrate sustainability considerations into broader business strategy and they collaborate with subject matter experts
to develop and implement initiatives.
GRI 3-1
Environmental strategies specific to each Otis functional department are developed in accordance with that department’s governance model through
a formal process managed by each functional department. For instance, EH&S strategies are developed, tracked and updated through an annual formal
process, whereby program-related data, trends, metrics and emerging issues are reviewed by EH&S and field operations global and regional leaders, with
local teams’ input. Similar processes are performed for Supply Chain Management. Product priorities and strategies (including financial planning for R&D
and other product initiatives) are reviewed annually by a cross-functional group of leaders across the organization. Related to our real estate portfolio, the
majority of our facility management strategies has historically been decentralized, managed at the local or regional level.
2025 Otis Connect &
Thrive > Governance
& Accountability >
Sustainability-related
governance, risks and
reporting standards
GRI 3-1; GRI 3-2
In 2025, as part of our stakeholder engagement, Investor Relations regularly fielded inquiries from Otis shareholders on Otis’ sustainability-related
strategies and actions, and the Corporate Secretary organized several stewardship-focused investor meetings during the year. In addition, through our
Reporting Channels – publicly available on our website – communities (including passengers) can engage with Otis on any issues of concern, including
environmental concerns. Furthermore, we capture the voice of our customers through the CAB and our annual customer survey. The CAB consists of key
clients from around the globe and meets three times per year. We use these meetings to collect feedback, answer questions and share important business
updates. We also collect comments through our business bids. As with other stakeholders, customers can also provide comments via our reporting
channels.
DISCLOSURE FOCUS AREA
RECOMMENDED DISCLOSURE
COMMENTS
Disclose the actual and
potential impacts of
climate-related risks
and opportunities on the
organization’s businesses,
strategy and financial
planning where such
information is material
a) Describe the climate-related risks
and opportunities the organization
has identified over the short-,
medium-, and long-term
From late 2024 to early 2025, we conducted a phased global climate scenario analysis under TCFD as part of our process to identify and assess potentially material global climate-related
physical risks as well as risks and opportunities (R&Os) related to a global transition to a low-carbon economy under a modified risk assessment approach. This was an update from our
2021 climate scenario analysis. Under this update, we conducted qualitative and quantitative analyses allowing us to expand on our assessment. Project process, methodology, and key
decisions were informed by routine engagement from a core group of Otis stakeholders that comprised Controllers, EH&S, Engineering, Legal, Operations, Real Estate and Supply Chain
Management (Otis Core Group). Additional stakeholders were engaged as needed. The physical asset selection criteria and climate scenario analysis methodologies were presented to, and
approved by, key cross-functional leadership. These leaders were subsequently briefed on the results of the analysis.
Strategy
b) Describe the impact of climaterelated risks and opportunities
on the organization’s businesses,
strategy, and financial planning
Qualitative analysis
In phase 1 of the scenario analysis, we performed an enterprise-wide qualitative assessment of the potential impacts of climate change on our own operations and supply chain based on
selected physical and transition risks and opportunities. High and low emissions scenarios were utilized for each, including a high emissions scenario for exploring potential physical impacts
(Shared Socioeconomic Pathway [SSP]5-8.5) and a 1.5ºC-aligned scenario for exploring transition risk (Network for Greening the Financial System [NGFS] Net Zero 2050). See Tables 1(a) & 1(b)
for a description of the scenarios selected for each type of risks.
TABLE 1(a): SELECTED CLIMATE SCENARIOS FOR PHYSICAL RISKS
Scenario
Global warming
by 2100
Key parameters and assumptions
SSP2-4.5
2.7ºC
CO2 emissions remain around current levels until the middle of the 21st century
>50% probability of limited global warming to a 3ºC by 2100
SSP5-8.5
4.4ºC
CO2 emissions roughly double from current levels by 2050
>50% probability of limited global warming exceeding 4ºC
(Continued)
45
Scenarios that project higher global warming by 2100 result in more severe impacts from climate change, enabling better exploration of potential impacts. As such, we selected a middle
of the road scenario (SSP2-4.5) and high emissions scenario (SSP5-8.5) to conservatively explore a range of impacts from a warming globe. SSP2-4.5 was chosen to enable exploration of
potential impacts in a world that sees emissions stabilize mid-century due to gradual implementation and uptake of carbon pricing and emissions regulations. Together with SSP5-8.5, it
provides a well-rounded view of potential climate futures and supports informed decision-making across operations and capital planning.
TABLE 1(b): SELECTED CLIMATE SCENARIOS FOR TRANSITION RISKS
Scenario
End of century (peak) warming
Policy reaction
Technology change
Carbon dioxide removal
Regional policy variation
Net Zero 2050
1.4ºC (1.7ºC)
Immediate and smooth
Fast change
Medium-high use
Medium variation
Delayed Transition
1.7ºC (1.8ºC)
Delayed
Slow / Fast change
Low-medium use
High variation
Fragmented World
2.4ºC (2.4ºC)
Delayed and fragmented
Slow / Fragmented change
Low-medium use
High variation
The Net Zero 2050 scenario was selected to align with the CSRD requirements to consider a scenario consistent with limiting global warming to 1.5ºC with no or limited overshoot, and to
explore a scenario that drives coordinated and immediate change, resulting in both high transition risks and high transition opportunities under an orderly transition. The Delayed Transition
scenario was selected because it represents a disorderly and highly disruptive scenario, capturing the potential impacts from a delayed call to climate action globally with high variation in
regional climate policies that could result in greater transition risks and impacts to Otis. The Fragmented World scenario was selected because it represents a higher emissions scenario, and
it aims at capturing the varying and divergent regional and country paths that may unfold resulting in the potential for higher transition risks for Otis given its global presence.
We then selected short-, medium-, and long-term time horizons in alignment with our modified risk assessment time horizons and our Otis assets' lifetime, as described in Tables 2(a) & 2(b)
below.
TABLE 2(a): TIME HORIZONS SELECTED FOR PHYSICAL CLIMATE RISKS ANALYSIS
Time horizon
Year
Notes
Short-term
Selected based on alignment with Otis financial statement, and in alignment with the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS).
Medium-term
2033
Selected based on alignment with Otis modified risk assessment’s medium-term time horizon.
Long-term
2070
Selected based on alignment with Otis asset lifespans (for example, manufacturing assets could have a lifespan of +100 years).
TABLE 2(b): TIME HORIZONS SELECTED FOR TRANSITION CLIMATE RISKS ANALYSIS
Time horizon
Year
Notes
Short-term
2025 aligned with financial planning at the time of the analysis.
Medium-term
2033
2033 aligns with Otis modified risk assessment’s medium-term time horizon; however, due to the Network for Greening the Financial System (NGFS) data
availability at a 5-year timestep, scenario data from 2035 was utilized for the analysis.
Long-term
2050
2050 captures important decision points and signposts in the climate transition scenarios.
Upon approval by key cross-functional leadership of the physical asset selection criteria and climate scenario analysis methodologies, we then identified three physical climate hazards and
three priority transition R&Os (see Table 3) for further exploration based on higher likelihood of impact to Otis.
TABLE 3: PRIORITIZED LIST OF OTIS CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES FOR SCENARIO ANALYSIS
Transition
Otis key climate-related risks and opportunities
Technology risks
Shifting customer preference toward low-carbon products and increasing demand for EPDs.
• Impact: This risk focuses on potential customer loss due to increased demand for low-carbon products.
Market risks
Increased costs and decreased reliability in the supply chain.
• Impact: This risk focuses on potential impacts to Otis from increased input variability in supply chain input costs.
Energy source
Otis EV and HEV service fleet integration.
• Impact: This opportunity considers scenarios that project increasing carbon pricing and higher expected fuel prices.
Tropical cyclones:
• Impact: This risk focuses on impact to assets from wind speeds associated with tropical cyclones.
Physical
Acute
Pluvial flooding:
• Impact: This risk focuses on operations and supply chain disruptions from more frequent and severe pluvial flooding in a certain region.
Heat wave:
• Impact: This risk focuses on impact on equipment, infrastructure and power loss.
(Continued)
Financial/quantitative analysis
In phase 2 of the climate scenario analysis, we performed a financial quantification of the prioritized risks and opportunities identified in phase 1 under
a modified risk assessment approach. This assessment was made using the same scenarios and time horizons as in phase 1. Risks were assessed prior to
considering any existing mitigation measures. While none of the risks and opportunities identified as part of our climate scenario analysis were determined
to be material under our modified risk assessment approach (including under our ERM process and SEC standards), they provided us with a broader
understanding of global climate-related risks and opportunities across the organization that will help us further enhance our resilience and strengthen our
climate mitigation and adaptation strategies. For information on our modified risk assessment approach and thresholds, see GRI 3-1.
c) Describe the resilience of the
organization’s strategy, taking into
consideration different climaterelated scenarios, including a 2°C or
lower scenario
Our climate‑related strategies include initiatives focused on energy efficiency and decarbonization across our facilities and products, service fleet
electrification, and the use of renewable energy. They also encompass initiatives related to operational workflows, product performance and asset life
through modernization services, and resilience strengthening of our operations including our supply chain. Our strategies are based on key assumptions
and dependencies (as described in Table 4 below) and informed by our climate risks and opportunities assessments.
TABLE 4: OTIS KEY ASSUMPTIONS AND DEPENDENCIES
Regulatory
environment
We anticipate ongoing evolution toward stricter climate policies and plan for compliance with potential future regulations.
Technological
advancements
We expect continuous progress in clean technologies, renewable energy, and energy-efficient/alternative fuel vehicles.
Market dynamics
We account for a rising market demand for low-carbon products.
Operational
continuity
We assume that our core operations will remain stable and that any disruptions due to climate impacts or other factors will be
manageable within our current risk framework in alignment with the latest scenario analysis.
Key dependencies
• Stakeholder engagement: The success of our climate-related strategies relies on strong engagements with investors, suppliers and
customers.
• Supply chain resilience: We depend on the resilience of our supply chain partners to adopt and implement strategies to reduce their
environmental footprint and integrate climate change considerations in their operations.
• Energy infrastructure: Our access to renewable energy sources depends on the availability and reliability of local and regional energy
infrastructure, that includes investments in grid modernization and renewable energy installations globally.
Over the past several years, we have implemented initiatives that have helped enhance our preparedness, driving operational efficiency and reduced costs
in line with our business strategies.
Energy management and operational efficiency: See 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Environmental & Impact > Climate change mitigation and
adaptation > Resilience and management preparedness.
Responsible sourcing: See 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Environmental & Impact > Climate change mitigation and adaptation > Resilience
and management preparedness.
Products and services stewardship: See 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Environmental & Impact > Climate change mitigation and adaptation >
Resilience and management preparedness.
Resilience for other risks and opportunities identified under our climate scenarios analysis: See 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Environmental
& Impact > Climate change mitigation and adaptation > Resilience and management preparedness.
Carbon pricing: While not prioritized in our climate scenario analysis, we are assessing anticipated carbon pricing system impacts and are using
sourcing strategies to help improve our resilience. We do so through the tracking of upcoming legislation. In addition, Otis has begun to develop the
means for applying an internal carbon fee for future business case analysis; however, this approach is in the exploratory phase at this time.
Additional initiatives with interdependencies to climate resilience: See 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Environmental & Impact > Other
environmental matters.
Financial planning: We identify and prioritize initiatives that support our climate-related strategies (from operations to supply chain resilience) and
resource them through standard financial planning process. These initiatives are designed to help improve energy efficiency and reduce fuel use in
fleet vehicles, resulting in lower operating costs, decreased greenhouse gas emissions, and greater participation in local utility energy conservation
and renewable energy incentive programs. Capital expenditures at our factories and service centers focus on investments in energy-efficient process
equipment, renewable energy use and building infrastructure upgrades that both help reduce energy use and strengthen resilience against extreme
weather events. These investments appear as assets on the Otis Balance Sheet.
Accountability – executive compensation: See GRI 2-19.
46
REFERENCE
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive
> Environmental & Impact >
Climate change mitigation
and adaptation > Resilience
and management
preparedness
Thrive > Environmental
& Impact > Other
environmental matters
Disclose how the
organization identifies,
assesses and manages
climate-related risks
a) Describe the organization’s
processes for identifying and
assessing climate-related risks
For more information, see 2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Governance & Accountability > Sustainability-related governance, risks and reporting
standards and GRI 3-1; GRI 3-2.
Risk Management
b) Describe the organization’s
processes for managing climaterelated risks
GRI 3-1; GRI 3-2
c) Describe how processes for
identifying, assessing, and managing
climate-related risks are integrated
into the organization’s overall risk
Metrics and Targets
Disclose the metrics and
targets used to assess
and manage relevant
climate-related risks and
a) Disclose the metrics used by the
organization to assess climaterelated risks and opportunities
in line with its strategy and risk
management process
To monitor our environmental impact, we annually report on our greenhouse gas emissions and related reductions, using the GHG Protocol standards
based on operational control and a calendar-year reporting period, and do not use carbon offsets in our calculations. As our climate-related strategies
evolve, we remain committed to prioritizing the maintenance of high-quality data regarding our environmental programs. All our scope 1, 2 and 3
emissions calculations undergo third-party assurance review annually. For 2025, our emissions data went through third-party limited assurance-level
assessment.
b) Disclose scope 1, scope 2, and, if
appropriate, scope 3 greenhouse gas
(GHG) emissions, and the related risks
Relative to a 2021 baseline, our reported emissions decreased by 19.5% in our own operations (scope 1 and 2) and by 29.8% in purchased goods and services,
business travel and use of sold products (scope 3 Categories 1, 6 and 11). Our Category 1 (Purchased goods and services) and Category 11 (Use of sold
products) emissions continued to constitute around 93.5% of our total scope 3 emissions, with Category 6 (Business travel) representing a small portion.
We intend to develop a formal and detailed climate transition plan to support future milestones.
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive > Appendix > 2025 Key performance indicators (KPIs)
c) Describe the targets used by the
organization to manage climaterelated risks and opportunities and
performance against targets
47
We have implemented near-term science-based targets aligned with the near-term objectives of the Paris Agreement. These targets, which were validated
by the SBTi in April 2024, are: (i) reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 55% by 2033 from a 2021 baseline year (inclusive of biogenic
land-related emissions and removals from bioenergy feedstocks) and (ii) reduce absolute scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions from purchased goods and
services, business travel and use of sold products by 33% within the same timeframe and from the same baseline year.
2025 Otis Connect & Thrive
> Environment & Impact >
Climate change mitigation
and adaptation
Thrive > Appendix >
2025 Key performance
indicators (KPIs)
GRI 302; GRI 305
Third-party assurance statement
48
49
50
51
52
Miscellaneous
Company names, trademarks and trade names
Otis and its subsidiaries’ names, abbreviations thereof, logos, and product and service
designators are either the registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names of Otis and
its subsidiaries. Names of other companies and organizations, abbreviations thereof, logos of
other companies and organizations, and product and service designators of other companies
are either the registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names of their respective owners.
Cautionary statement
Otis Connect & Thrive contains forward-looking statements (including statements that
constitute forward-looking statements under the securities laws), including, but not limited
to, statements that relate to environmental, social and governance strategies or actions,
including operational impacts and costs associated therewith, and other statements that are
not historical facts.
These forward-looking statements are intended to provide management’s current expectations
or plans for our future operating performance, based on assumptions currently believed to be
valid. All such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and our future
results of operations could differ materially from our historical results or current expectations
reflected by such forward-looking statements.
The forward-looking statements are subject to future events, risks, uncertainties and other
factors, many of which are beyond the control of the company, that could cause actual results
to differ materially from our historical results or current expectations, including, but not limited
to (i) the availability and cost of low- or non-carbon-based energy sources and technologies,
(ii) third-party coordination and alignment over which we do not have control and may be
unpredictable, (iii) evolving regulatory requirements affecting standards or disclosures, (iv) the
availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability-related standards, (v) challenges in the
development, production, delivery, support, employee adoption, performance and realization
of the anticipated benefits of advanced technologies and new products and services, (vi) new
business and investment opportunities and the realization of anticipated benefits, including
meeting customer expectations and maintaining our competitiveness, and (vii) our ability
to recruit, develop and retain the best talent in our labor markets. In addition, standards
for tracking and reporting on sustainability-related matters have not been harmonized and
continue to evolve.
Our processes and controls for reporting on these matters may not always comply with
evolving and disparate standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting metrics globally,
our interpretation of reporting standards may differ from those of others, and such standards
may change over time, any of which could result in significant revisions to our metrics or
reported progress and increased compliance costs and risks.
The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which it is made. We undertake
no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law.
Additional information as to factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from
those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements is disclosed from time to time in
our most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and in other filings with the SEC.
53
Otis Worldwide Corporation
1 Carrier Place, Farmington,
CT 06032 USA
otis.com