Prudential Financial publishes 2025 Sustainability Report
Skip to main section
View All News
PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL PUBLISHES 2025 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Jul. 23, 2026
Report highlights how Prudential manages its business, people and resources to support stakeholders, manage risk and drive sustainable growth.
Prudential Financial released its 15th annual
Sustainability Report,
providing an update on the company’s 2025 performance and progress in operating a responsible and sustainable business. The report shares how Prudential is fueling growth, innovation and long-term value creation for customers, employees and communities, while supporting business operations, managing risk and creating long-term shareholder value.
“In 2025, we put our purpose into action by making deliberate choices in a complex environment,” said Andrew F. Sullivan, chairman and CEO of Prudential Financial. “We strengthened our foundation and positioned Prudential for its next phase of growth while staying focused on the financial outcomes people depend on at every stage of life.”
Highlights from this year’s report include:
Introduced FlexGuard
®
2.0
, advancing customer-led product innovations by enhancing Prudential’s registered index‑linked annuity.
Empowered world-class talent through learning and development programs
, with 90% of learners reporting they gained new skills.
Implemented a mandatory Responsible AI training
as part of Prudential’s enterprise‑wide Responsible Artificial Intelligence Program, reflecting a disciplined approach to innovation that balances value creation with strong governance, risk management and accountability.
$44.6 billion in sustainable investments and approximately $1 billion in Impact and Responsible Investing (IRI) assets
— supporting financial inclusion, affordable housing, education, resiliency and workforce development — are all held within Prudential’s General Account
.
Initiated procurement of 100% renewable electricity
through the purchase of certified renewable electricity for the commercial portion of Prudential Tower in Tokyo, advancing emissions reductions across global operations.
In addition to the sustainability report, Prudential also published its
Climate-Related Risks and Opportunities Summary Report for 2025
. This report provides details on the company’s approach to identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities within its business and investment activities, including how climate considerations are integrated into the company’s strategy, risk management and governance frameworks.
Together, these reports provide a clearer view into how the company is positioning itself to navigate a changing environment while continuing to deliver on its long-term commitments.
Find more information on these and other sustainability initiatives and disclosures at
prudential.com/sustainability
.
The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Newark, NJ, and its affiliates.
1092253-00001-00
View All News