REGIONS FINANCIAL CORPORATION
2025 Shared Value Report
INTRODUCTION
GOVERNANCE
CUSTOMERS
ASSOCIATES
COMMUNITIES
APPENDIX
Table of Contents
INTRODUCTION
CUSTOMERS
COMMUNITIES
About Regions
3
Financial Inclusion
33
2025 Community Impact
64
A Message From Our Chairman of the Board,
6
Fair and Responsible Banking
38
Our Strategic Priorities
65
Products and Services
40
Supporting Inclusion Through Community
67
President, and CEO
A Message From Our Head of Corporate
ASSOCIATES
Responsibility
2025 Highlights
Outreach
7
8
GOVERNANCE
Regions’ Culture
44
APPENDIX
Build the Best Team
47
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms
70
Empower to Connect
49
2025 TCFD Index
71
Stakeholder Engagement
10
Empower to Belong
50
2025 SASB Index
72
Our Board of Directors
14
Empower to Grow
54
2025 GRI Index
77
Risks and Opportunities
21
Empower to Achieve
57
Operating Efficiently
29
Empower to Thrive
59
About This Report
Other Resources
Contact Us
Regions has issued this Shared Value Report to demonstrate how we believe our efforts over the
most recently completed fiscal year have served our longstanding corporate mission: to make life
better and deliver shared value for our shareholders, customers, associates, and the communities
where we live and work. Unless otherwise stated, all information disclosed in this report represents
Regions’ activity during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025.
This report is not comprehensive and, for that
reason, should be read in conjunction with our
most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and Proxy
Statement, all of which can be accessed at
ir.regions.com.
Regions Financial Corporation
Other informative documents, such as our Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics, Government
Affairs Political Activities Report, and Fair
Disclosure Policy, as well as core governance
documents such as our By-Laws, Corporate
Governance Principles, and Board Committee
Charters, are available at ir.regions.com/
governance.
Investor Relations
The terms “Regions,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” are used in this report to refer
collectively to Regions Financial Corporation, a Delaware corporation, together with its subsidiaries,
including Regions Bank, where appropriate.
This report contains forward-looking statements, including objectives, commitments, and plans
that are based on management’s current estimates, expectations, aspirations, and assumptions.
Actual future results may differ, potentially materially, from these projections. This report is not
intended to create legal rights or obligations, and we undertake no obligation to update the
information in this report or otherwise notify the reader in the event that any views or statements in
this report change.
This report is informed by external disclosure frameworks, recommendations, and guidelines that
may use the term “materiality.” Used in this context, the terms “materiality” and “material” are
distinct from those terms as defined by or construed in accordance with securities law or as used in
the context of financial statements and reporting.
Our corporate responsibility reporting can be
found at regions.com/about-regions/ourshared-value-approach.
No documents or websites referred to in this
report shall be deemed to form part of the report.
1900 Fifth Avenue North, Birmingham, AL 35203
Corporate Responsibility
governance@regions.com
investors@regions.com
Media Relations
(205) 264-4551
Customer Service
(800) 734-4667 (1-800-REGIONS)
Social Media
X: @RegionsBank § LinkedIn: Regions Bank §
Facebook: Regions Bank § Instagram: Regions
Bank
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
2
About Regions
Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF) is a financial holding company headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, and is a member of the S&P 500 Index. Regions provides financial solutions for a wide
range of clients, including retail and mortgage banking, commercial banking, and wealth management and investment services, and operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, Regions Bank, an
Alabama state-chartered bank and member of the Federal Reserve System. In addition, Regions operates several offices delivering specialty capabilities in New York, Washington D.C., Chicago, Salt
Lake City, and other locations nationwide.
Branch Locations by State
◼
◼
Alabama – 184
Arkansas – 55
Florida – 270
Georgia – 117
Illinois – 40
Indiana – 40
Iowa – 4
Kentucky – 9
Louisiana – 79
Mississippi – 97
Missouri – 48
North Carolina – 6
South Carolina – 18
Tennessee – 194
Texas – 85
Utah – 1
$158.8B
$131.1B
19,969
1,247
1,786
total assets
total deposits
branch outlets
ATMs
$7.5B
$5.0B
$2.30
16
diluted earnings per share
state footprint
total revenue
net interest income
$2.06B
net income available
to common shareholders
All figures as of December 31, 2025
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
3
Our Strategy
Shaping our path forward with intentionality necessitates ongoing consideration of our complex, dynamic, and highly regulated operating environment. Such consideration provides critical context
for the Board in identifying Regions’ strategic objectives and management’s pursuit of those objectives. That said, our ultimate goal—delivering shared value—is something we view as a long-term
endeavor. For that reason, our strategic planning process is, at its heart, grounded in enduring concepts that define who we are as a company.
Our mission crystallizes our approach to shared value, and our corporate values reflect how we will deliver on this mission every day we come to work. Accordingly, our mission and values serve as
foundational elements of our strategic plan.
Our Mission
To achieve superior economic value for our shareholders over time by making life better for our customers, associates, and communities
while creating shared value as we help them meet their financial goals and aspirations.
Our Values
Put people first.
Do what is right.
Focus on your customer.
Reach higher.
Enjoy life.
Have respect for every
person. Listen. Care. Serve
others before yourself. Build
the best team. Be inclusive.
Work as one team. Balance
work in a full life. Lead
humanely. Set the good
example. And remember to
say thank you.
Always. Be honest. Do what
you say. Use common
sense. Stand for quality and
integrity. Take the long view.
Earn trust. Be responsible
and accountable.
Serving the customer as one
team, in an exceptional way, is
our business—our only business.
Know your customer. Serve your
customer. Be committed.
Understand needs. Meet needs.
Make your customer’s life better
by what you do. Create shared
value.
Grow. Our company must
grow, and we must grow
prudently. Raise the bar. Be
energetic. Be innovative.
Achieve excellence. Improve
continuously. Inspire and
enable others. Succeed the
right way. Improve efficiency
and effectiveness.
Have fun. We are in the
business of banking. But,
more importantly, we are in
the business of life. Enjoy it.
Laugh. Be creative.
Celebrate. Recognize
success.
Our strategic planning process is designed to align our short-term and long-term business objectives with prudent risk management and long-term value creation. These objectives are grounded in
five enduring strategic priorities that balance the needs of our key stakeholders, including our shareholders, our customers, our associates, and the communities where we live and work—because
when these stakeholder groups collectively benefit, we create value for all.
Our Strategic Priorities
Strengthen Financial
Performance
Enhance Risk
Management
Focus on the
Customer
Build the
Best Team
Continuously
Improve
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
4
Building on these five strategic priorities, our strategic plan articulates how we differentiate ourselves, drive transformative change, and become the undisputed customer experience leader in the
industry. The plan focuses on three goals:
Soundness: Protecting our strong foundation so that we will be in a position to further advance the customer experience by modernizing operating systems, enhancing security, managing risk,
and strengthening our balance sheet.
Profitability: Delivering value to all stakeholders by making strategic investments, maintaining high credit standards, and continuously improving how we operate and produce results.
Growth: Innovating and transforming every area of the organization to build our future bank by enhancing how we go to market, providing customers with greater convenience and access, and
empowering all associates to work together, smarter, and better.
Regions believes all people and businesses should be provided equal and fair consideration by the banking system. In that spirit, we execute our strategic priorities in an intentional way that promotes
fair access to our products and services:
We focus on the customer by making our financial products and services
available to existing and prospective customers on a fair and responsible basis—
supporting access to financial services for law-abiding citizens and businesses.
We build the best team by equipping our associates to provide clarity and
transparency when interacting with our customers and clients, helping them
make educated decisions about the products and services that might best fit
their needs—serving every person, regardless of their political or religious
ideologies or affiliations, equally and with dignity and respect.
We strengthen financial performance by grounding our
decisions in prudent banking practices and intentional,
customer-focused business strategies—upholding our
fiduciary duties by making financially sound decisions
without regard to political or social viewpoints.
We enhance risk management by treating our current and
potential customers in a manner consistent with consumer
protection laws and regulations prohibiting unfair,
deceptive, or abusive acts or practices—using our products
and services to create merit-based opportunity.
We continuously improve by doing business in a manner that remains true to our mission, by
helping our stakeholders meet their financial goals and aspirations by providing preferred
financial tools, industry-leading products, and expert advice and guidance.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
5
A Message From Our Chairman of the Board,
President, and Chief Executive Officer
Nearly 15 years ago, Regions’ Board of Directors and senior leadership developed a strategy that was built around a singular
concept: shared value. This concept has remained the foundation of our longstanding corporate mission ever since.
Over the course of 2025, while facing an increasingly complex environment of dynamic economic, regulatory, and geopolitical considerations, we maintained
our focus on executing our long-term business strategy in a way that served our mission to create shared value for our stakeholders. Our Board of Directors
and management team leveraged robust corporate governance practices in facilitating strong revenue growth, disciplined risk management, and record
profitability. Just as important as financial performance was the scale and depth of our customer engagement: spending time with our customers to ensure
we’re offering them a personalized plan that’s designed to meet their unique needs. We also view exceptional business performance as a product of investing
in the wellbeing, development, and engagement of our associates—continuing to build a stronger culture where they have an opportunity to do impactful
work. More broadly, our business can only be as healthy as the communities where we work and live, which we promoted by creating meaningful
connections and strengthening local relationships that drove real business outcomes. These collective efforts have made life better for our stakeholders,
thus helping us achieve superior economic value for our shareholders over time.
Our team’s dedication to serving customers, living our values, and executing with integrity is
the reason we were able to finish 2025 with solid performance results. Our progress wasn’t the
result of strategy alone; it was the result of our ongoing commitment, day in and day out, to do
the right thing the right way. This report demonstrates how we’ve spent the past year
translating that commitment into action.
Sincerely,
John M. Turner, Jr.
Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer
July 2026
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
6
A Message From Our Head of
Corporate Responsibility
Each year, we develop our Shared Value Report with a central goal in mind: to offer meaningful
insight into how we seek to live out our mission and values through the work that we do every day.
While the efforts and initiatives described throughout the report can be tied back to our core values, the report itself exemplifies our
commitment to Do What Is Right—to be responsible and accountable to our stakeholders. In that respect, this year’s report leverages quantitative data to provide greater,
more multifaceted visibility into our work and its impacts. This work began with our core development team, comprising members of our Legal and Finance functions, and
the core governance processes we apply to data across the report. We then collaborated with internal experts representing business and support units across the Company
to find new opportunities for decision-useful quantitative disclosure. The contributions of these associates enabled us to tell a story that incorporates more of the data our
stakeholders have expressed an interest in. Importantly, some of these efforts also supported our commitment to risk management by further preparing us to comply with
anticipated forthcoming disclosure obligations, while also ensuring cross-disclosure consistency; we address this targeted effort later in the report.
We ultimately believe that these measures—along with additional qualitative disclosure on other topics of stakeholder interest—facilitate greater accountability to our
stakeholders through corporate responsibility. We appreciate the opportunity to share that story with you.
Sincerely,
Mary C. Wheeler
Senior Vice President, Assistant General Counsel, and Head of Corporate Responsibility
July 2026
“For more information...”
Our Shared Value Report is meant to highlight how we have pursued shared value creation through various efforts we have undertaken over the most recently completed fiscal
year. However, we should note that there’s more to our story:
The Table of Contents at the beginning of this report provides guidance around where our regulatory filings, governance documents, and additional corporate
responsibility information are available.
We have embedded hyperlinks to the Regions website throughout the report, so that you can learn more about the product, service, or initiative being discussed.
If you are interested in seeing how our work has continued into 2026, we encourage you to visit our Doing More Today website (doingmoretoday.com) for more recent
coverage of our current-year initiatives.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
7
2025 Highlights
over 67 percent
1.4 million
$1,028
36.3 percent
of outstanding Regions stock
represented in shareholder
outreach efforts
people received financial
education from Regions
Learning & Development
investment per full-time
equivalent associate
of open positions filled with internal
candidates
92 percent
1.8 million
of the Board of Directors
determined independent
page views of Regions’
digital financial education
resources
3.4 million
10,753
active digital customers and
over 1.5 billion
2.1 percent
year-over-year increase in
active mobile usage
3.3 percent
year-over-year reduction in
paper usage and
28 percent
year-over-year increase in
paper recycled
financial education courses
taken online and
1,301
financial wellness workshops
led by Regions associates
564,735
training hours completed by
associates, including
over 94 percent
of associates participated in 401(k)
plan
199,923
140,100
hours of compliance training
volunteer hours logged by associates
21
$25.0 million
market-based Impact
Networks representing
total philanthropic and community
giving*
71 percent
over $75.2 million
of associates
$68.3 million
in affordable lending
mortgages originated
8 years
in debt and equity commitments
made by the Regions Community
Development Corporation
over 422,000
customers received Regions
Greenprint personalized
financial plans
average associate tenure
2,208
associates recognized for
service milestones
22
projects supported and
$359.1 million
in closed allocations by the New
Markets Tax Credit team
* Represents giving by Regions Bank, the Regions Foundation, and Regions associates.
All figures as of December 31, 2025
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
8
Our corporate mission begins with achieving superior
economic value for our shareholders over time. Regions
believes that creating shared value must begin with
thoughtful, proactive corporate governance—guided by
our values, informed by stakeholder feedback, and
designed to support long-term performance and
accountability—that remains grounded in our
commitment to do what is right.
In This Section
Stakeholder Engagement
10
Our Board of Directors
14
Risks and Opportunities
Operating Efficiently
29
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
9
We believe that engaging with our stakeholders should entail ongoing, constructive, and meaningful dialogue. To demonstrate this commitment, we engage with our various stakeholders in a variety
of ways, using multiple methods of outreach in seeking to facilitate open, transparent conversations. Our approach is continuous, rather than only allowing for discussion during specific periods or
through specific venues, to reinforce the value we place on our stakeholders’ perspectives regardless of time and place. We believe that this approach enhances the value of the resulting dialogue and,
ultimately, contributes to stronger relationships with our stakeholders.
HOW WE ENGAGE
SAMPLE ENGAGEMENT TOPICS
Shareholders
Corporate governance events
Director-shareholder engagement
Board presentations from shareholders
Sell-side sponsored conferences
Roadshows
Investor calls and visits
Quarterly earnings calls
Annual shareholder meeting
Virtual and in-person meetings
Outreach calls
Update emails
Financial performance and strategy
Governance of risks and opportunities related to our mission
Board skills and composition
Risk management
Human capital management
Greenprint conversations
Customer Complaint Program
Annual event with Board at off-site meeting
Selected quarterly client events
Customer access to banking solutions
Fair and responsible banking
Product needs, characteristics, and limitations
Financial literacy and wellness
Respond to proposed rules with comments through the
notice-and-comment rulemaking process, either directly or
through an intermediary, such as a trade association
Engage with stakeholders across the spectrum to ensure a
robust dialogue that represents the viewpoints of
consumers, covered entities, and other third parties
Capital planning and positions
Liquidity management and positions
Affordable Housing and community reinvestment
Governance and controls
Consumer finance
Regulatory compliance
Trade association engagement
Risk management (credit, model, operational, etc.)
Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering and Office of Foreign
Assets Control (BSA/AML and OFAC)
Collaborations with Regions’ Disability Services and
Outreach Manager and Regions’ Service Members and
Veterans Affairs Manager
Economic and community development
Education and workforce readiness
Financial wellness
Disaster relief and recovery
Personal banking relationships
Internal and external customer surveying
Digital banking channels
Social media
Regulators, Policymakers, State and Federal Legislators, and Agencies
Management meetings and briefings
Management and committee reports
Targeted exams
Work with elected officials and relevant staff to
convey the impact of legislative and regulatory
proposals affecting the banking industry
Communities and Nonprofit Organizations
Funding support of community programs and
initiatives
Volunteerism, community service, and board
membership by associates
Relationships with local market executives and
bankers
Partnerships with local community relations
officers and community development managers
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
HOW WE ENGAGE
SAMPLE ENGAGEMENT TOPICS
Engagement surveys
The Front Page, a multimedia internal news and information
site for associates
HR Connect, an internal website for associates
Professional development tools through Degreed Learning
Quarterly earnings updates for all associates, with
supplementary discussion guides for managers
Evergreen Week, a week dedicated to showing
management’s appreciation of associates
Regions Impact Networks across the footprint
RegionsLEADS monthly learning content to invest in the
development and learning for all associates
Business group newsletters
Regions Community Champions, recognition of associates
logging 16 or more hours of volunteer time annually
Doing More Today®, an external website focusing on Regions’
community engagement, business growth, and timely company
announcements
Annual Week of Understanding, focused on Inclusion and
Belonging
Tuition-free education benefits through Guild
Report It! Hotline and portal that allows associates to share
concerns and complaints anonymously
Share the Good®, an associate community engagement
campaign
What a Difference a Day Makes, a paid day off for associates to
volunteer
2 Inclusion Observance Days, to be taken for celebrations
relevant to an associate’s cultural or community passion
Frontline First, a week focused on celebrating and honoring the
dedication of frontline associates
Associate engagement
Associate wellbeing
Company strategy
Inclusion, Belonging, and Impact
Financial performance
Learning and development opportunities
Continuous Improvement focus
Organizational changes
Associate volunteerism and philanthropic giving
SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
Each year, Regions’ management, as well as Directors when requested, participate in a robust corporate governance shareholder engagement program. We reach out to shareholders throughout the
year in order to welcome the opportunity to engage with them and share important information related to corporate governance, executive compensation, and corporate responsibility matters.
Maintaining this dialogue underscores the importance we place on shareholder perspectives and supports effective oversight in an increasingly dynamic external environment.
Late Fall/Winter
Spring
Our engagement team (the Corporate Governance, Investor Relations, and Total Rewards
groups) reviews the shareholder engagement program, incorporating shareholder feedback and
process enhancements.
We reach out to institutional shareholders to share our annual meeting materials and invite
their engagement. Subsequently, we hold our annual meeting of shareholders.
Year-Round
Approach
Late Summer/Fall
Summer
We send engagement invitations to institutional shareholders, and our engagement team
meets with responding shareholders to discuss priorities and perspectives; the resulting
feedback is discussed with senior management and the Board.
The Board reviews the Company’s corporate governance documents to ensure they reflect best
practices, support strategy, and maximize long-term shareholder value.
Ongoing
We engage with shareholders to discuss issues or concerns as they arise, through direct engagement calls and at various events and conferences.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
11
Feedback to the Board
To keep the Board apprised of shareholder sentiment, the feedback and views expressed during our shareholder engagements are summarized and discussed with both senior management and the
Board. This process helps the Board monitor that our strategy aligns with our investors’ primary focus areas, and the Board considers shareholder input as part of its regular review of our corporate
governance program, policies, and practices, and transparency around these areas. Our Compensation and Human Resources (CHR) Committee additionally considers shareholder feedback in
determining the goals and objectives of Regions’ executive compensation program.
The Board believes that gaining insight into the perspectives of shareholder proponents is an integral part of our broader engagement efforts. Over the past three proxy seasons, we have actively
engaged with the shareholders who have submitted proposals to understand their objectives and the issues driving their requests. For more information regarding these specialized efforts, please see
our 2026 Proxy Statement.
Shared Value in Action
Through direct outreach in 2025, we invited shareholders representing over 67 percent of our outstanding shares to engage with us through our corporate governance
shareholder engagement program. Though a number of shareholders responded indicating that they had no material feedback or concerns requiring discussion, we held live
conversations during the year with holders representing approximately 13 percent of Regions’ outstanding shares.
Since 2020, we have engaged annually through our program with holders representing, on average, approximately 20 percent of our outstanding shares.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
12
Corporate Political Activity
Regions’ Statement on Political Contributions and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
(Code of Conduct) collectively govern and promote the highest standards of behavior by our
company and our associates with regard to political activities. These policies also support our
compliance with all applicable federal and state campaign finance laws. Like most public
companies, Regions recognizes that decisions made by governmental agencies and
lawmakers can have a significant impact on our operations, customers, shareholders, and
associates. Accordingly, we monitor and track issues that affect our business and
communicate our views to lawmakers and regulators.
Regions may make corporate political contributions in states where doing so is permissible.
These contributions may be directed to state party organizations and candidates for statewide
offices, state legislatures, and, in rare instances, local offices. Also, where permitted by law,
Regions may make independent expenditures or corporate contributions in connection with
state and local ballot initiatives, and referenda on important policy issues likely to impact our
business and our stakeholders.
Shared Value in Action
Regions has been named a “Trendsetter”—
the highest rating issued—in the 2025 CPAZicklin Index of Corporate Political
Disclosure and Accountability for the third
year in a row.
Read more about this recognition on the Center for Political
Accountability’s website here.
You can also see our most recent Government Affairs Political
Activities Report for yourself here.
Regions’ corporate political contributions are subject to a tiered approval process based on
the amount of the proposed contribution. The full Board and the Risk Committee receive a
report on the Company’s annual corporate contributions and non-deductible portions of
trade association dues. Reports are reviewed and certified to be in compliance with the
Statement by Regions’ Chief Legal Officer.
The Company believes transparency regarding our political contributions is important to our
stakeholders. Since 2014, we have published Government Affairs Reports on a semi-annual
basis that contain the Company’s Statement on Political Contributions and our related
activities. In each report, we describe our oversight process for political contributions and
provide a summary of independent expenditures and corporate political giving over the
report’s covered period. The report also discloses trade associations to which Regions paid
more than $25,000 in annual dues and the portion of those dues that were non-deductible
under the Internal Revenue Code and attributable to lobbying expenses. The Company
believes these disclosures provide transparency into the Company’s public policy advocacy,
which benefits our shareholders, the Company, our associates, and our customers. Our
current Government Affairs Political Activities Report can be found at ir.regions.com/
governance.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
13
Regions’ approach to corporate governance is grounded in our commitment to doing what is right and maintaining the trust of our shareholders, customers, associates, and communities. While
complying with laws and regulations is essential, the Board and management team view this as only a starting point. Our focus is on thoughtful, proactive governance—guided by our values, informed
by stakeholder feedback, and designed to support long-term performance and accountability. Effective governance begins with a capable Board, an independent leadership structure, and
transparent oversight practices—all designed to support stakeholders and enable sustainable, long-term value creation.
Board Oversight of Our Shared Value Approach
Nearly 15 years ago, Regions’ Board and leadership adopted a strategy built on a singular concept: shared value. The Board is responsible for reinforcing, demonstrating, and communicating a “tone
at the top” that exemplifies the Company’s shared value mission—that, when our stakeholders collectively benefit, we create value for all. Accordingly, the Board oversees corporate responsibility
matters as part of its broader governance and risk oversight responsibilities. The Board exercises these responsibilities directly and through its five standing committees:
Board of Directors
Alignment of sound business strategies and prudent risk management with long-term shared value creation via the
strategic planning process
Board-level Committees
Nominating and Corporate
Governance (NCG) Committee
Strategy, initiatives, policies,
practices, engagement, and
disclosures on corporate
responsibility matters of
significance to the Company and its
stakeholders
CHR Committee
Effectiveness and continuous
improvement of the Company’s
human resources (HR) management
function, including strategic
alignment of corporate culture and
human capital and talent
management
Risk
Committee
Audit
Committee
Technology
Enterprise-wide risk management
policies and related efforts to
manage significant environmental
and social risks to the Company
Functioning of the Company’s
internal controls and disclosures,
including those applicable to
material issues related to corporate
responsibility
Technology strategy, operations,
investments, and progress,
including culture and talent strategy
related to technological and digital
transformation
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
To support oversight of Regions’ shared value approach, the Board allocates responsibilities among its standing committees based on areas of focus and expertise. Each committee carries out its
oversight responsibilities under the Board’s purview, reporting regularly to the full Board to support monitoring of performance versus risk appetite and responsiveness to regulatory, technological,
and market developments. Each Board committee’s responsibilities are formalized through our Corporate Governance Principles as well as their respective committee charter, all of which are
available at ir.regions.com/governance.
The Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for
overseeing the Company’s long-term strategy, capital
strength, governance framework, and the risks
inherent in our business. Through the Company’s
enterprise-wide Risk Management Framework, the
Board oversees the processes for evaluating the
Company’s risk management, internal controls,
financial reporting, cybersecurity and technology,
governance practices, human capital management
and compensation policies, significant corporate
responsibility matters, and legal and regulatory
compliance.
The NCG Committee leads the Board and its
committees in overseeing the Company’s corporate
responsibility practices and disclosures, including
reviewing the Company’s shared-value strategy,
initiatives, and policies, and receiving updates from
members of management responsible for those
activities. The committee also oversees the
establishment and maintenance of effective corporate
governance policies and practices, including the
documents in the Company’s corporate governance
framework, along with Company and Director
engagement with institutional shareholders and other
interested parties.
The CHR Committee reviews and approves the
Company’s compensation philosophy and oversees
the Company’s compensation plans and programs,
including alignment with strategic and financial
objectives. The committee also oversees the
effectiveness and continuous improvement of the
Company’s human capital management strategies
and practices, including associate conduct; corporate
culture and inclusion; talent management and
succession planning; total rewards; and employment
practices.
The Risk Committee approves the Risk Management
Framework, which outlines Regions’ approach to
effective risk management practices, as well as
performance against the risk tolerances established in
the Enterprise Risk Appetite Statement. The
committee further oversees policies and related
efforts to manage the Company’s primary risks,
including any significant environmental and social
risks where applicable.
The Audit Committee oversees the integrity of the
Company’s financial statements and financial
reporting process; the relationship with our
independent auditor; the performance of the Internal
Audit Division; and compliance with legal and
regulatory requirements. Any material corporate
responsibility issues related to the functioning of the
Company’s internal controls and disclosures fall
within the scope of these responsibilities.
The Technology Committee oversees the overall role
of technology in executing the Company’s business
strategy, including technology, digital, and innovation
strategy, performance, and operations; significant
technology investments and progress; project
management; and emerging trends in technology and
digital transformation. Decisions in these areas have
impacts across our stakeholder groups.
TRANSPARENCY AND
ACCOUNTABILITY
Transparency and accountability—which we
view as critical elements of robust governance
—are the aim of our voluntary disclosures
around corporate responsibility.
We are always looking to make our voluntary
disclosures more meaningful through the
intentionally structured processes we use to
develop them. These efforts include:
Ensuring that our voluntary and mandatory
disclosures align with each other in
prioritizing our compliance obligations
Collaborating across our Legal, Finance, and
Internal Audit functions to strengthen the
control environment in which our disclosures
are developed
Leveraging internal expertise in developing
our report using a cross-functional, multistage review process that involves
management and the Board
Engaging with internal and external
stakeholders to understand their priorities
and continuously enhance the decisionusefulness of our reporting
For more information about our data control
environment, please see the Energy Use and
Emissions section within this report.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
15
Board Composition
Regions’ Corporate Governance Principles provide that the Board will seek members who combine a broad spectrum of experience and expertise with a reputation for integrity. Both the Board and
the NCG Committee focus on maintaining a Board composition that supports effective oversight and sound decision-making. The NCG Committee selects candidates who possess the highest
personal and professional ethics and values and who are committed to representing the long-term interests of Regions’ shareholders. Directors should have experience in positions with a high degree
of responsibility, demonstrate leadership in the companies or institutions with which they are affiliated, and be selected based on the contributions they can make to the Board and the Company. The
following provides a high-level overview of the 13 Directors comprising Regions’ Board as of March 23, 2026:
Independence
Independent
92%
Age
Not Independent
Independent
Tenure
Avg. Tenure
Name
Mark A. Crosswhite
65
Avg. Age
Age
(yrs.)
Indep.
Industry
Representation
No. Public Co.
Boards
63
✓
Energy
1
✓
Technology
1
Noopur Davis
64
≤60 years
Zhanna Golodryga
70
Energy
2
61–65 years
J. Thomas Hill
67
Manufacturing
66–69 years
Roger W. Jenkins
Oil and Gas
≥70 years
Joia M. Johnson
66
Consumer Products,
Manufacturing, and
Retail
4
Ruth Ann Marshall
71
Financial Services
Alison S. Rand
58
Financial Services
William C. Rhodes, III
60
Retail
Lee J. Styslinger III
Manufacturing and
Transportation
José S. Suquet
69
Insurance
John M. Turner, Jr.
CEO
Timothy Vines
60
Healthcare and
Insurance
Other Characteristics
≤5 years
Male – 62%
6–10 years
Female – 38%
≥11 years
Minority – 31%
LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE
Regions’ Board is designed to promote effectiveness and independent oversight through a leadership structure tailored to the Company’s needs, rigorous independence standards, and a committee
structure focused on core responsibilities with coordinated oversight. The Board carefully considers its leadership structure in consultation with the NCG Committee as part of its ongoing refreshment
and succession planning process. Each year, the Board evaluates its leadership structure based on the requirements of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) listing standards, our Corporate
Governance Principles, shareholder expectations, and an assessment of the Company’s current needs. As a result, our Board structure combines an experienced Board Chair with a Lead Independent
Director who has strong oversight responsibilities, and five standing committees composed entirely of independent Directors with a broad range of characteristics, backgrounds, and experiences. This
framework, together with the Board’s annual independence determinations and clearly defined committee charters, supports independent oversight, informed decision-making, and accountability to
shareholders. We have not adopted a policy mandating the separation of the Chair and CEO positions. Consistent with this evaluation, and in consideration of the Company’s present needs and the
Board’s commitment to maintaining robust independent leadership, the Board has determined that its current leadership structure—under which the roles of Chair and Chief Executive Officer are
combined and supported by a strong Lead Independent Director—best serves the interests of the Company and its stakeholders at this time. This structure provides a critical link between the Board’s
oversight and the Company’s day-to-day operations, supporting continuity and enabling management and the Board to function efficiently and collaborate in fulfilling the Company’s goals and
strategies.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
16
DIRECTOR SKILLS
The NCG Committee strives for the Board to reflect a range of talents, ages, skills, backgrounds, and expertise sufficient to provide sound and prudent guidance and oversight with respect to Regions’
operations and strategy. In addition to the items specified in the Corporate Governance Principles, the NCG Committee considers the technical and professional skills that Directors have gained
through their professional and leadership roles. Based on information provided in response to our 2025 year-end Director questionnaires, the following table highlights the number of Directors with
considerable or extensive experience, based on Director questionnaires and Board evaluation processes, in areas essential to overseeing Regions’ operations, risk profile, and long-term strategy and
performance:
Skill
# of
Directors
# of
Directors
Skill
Audit/Accounting/Finance and Capital
Planning
Customer Focus and Community
Engagement
11
Information/Cyber Security
Banking and Financial Services
Environmental Sustainability Practices
Regulatory Compliance
Business Operations and Technology
Innovation/Artificial Intelligence
Executive Compensation and Benefits
Risk Management
Corporate Governance
13
Human Capital Management
12
Strategic Planning and
Strategy Development
REFRESHMENT
The Board and NCG Committee maintain a structured, year-round approach to Director
succession and refreshment. The NCG Committee regularly assesses current and anticipated
Board needs and uses a variety of tools to identify areas where additional skills or experience
would strengthen oversight. Over the last several years, this intentional approach has resulted
in a well-balanced and highly engaged Board aligned with Regions’ strategy and operating
environment.
When a refreshment need is identified, the NCG Committee evaluates potential candidates
through a comprehensive vetting process that includes assessing the skills and expertise most
relevant to the Board’s forward-looking needs, reviewing other boards on which the candidate
serves, and considering any potential conflicts of interest.
Identification
Assessment, Interviews, and
Discussions
Recommendation and
Appointment
Onboarding
The NCG Committee reviews candidates
identified by independent Directors; an
independent search firm; associates and
management; shareholders; and selfrecommendations, among other sources.
The NCG Committee considers the candidate’s
qualifications and attributes in light of Board
needs; due diligence research conducted on
the candidate; the candidate’s independence;
input from other Directors following interviews
with the candidate; and the candidate’s other
commitments.
Upon recommendation of the NCG
Committee, the Board determines whether to
appoint the candidate and optimal
committee placement.
Regions’ comprehensive onboarding program
involves a combination of presentations,
meetings with management, and Director
mentorship.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
17
SELF-EVALUATIONS
Each year, the NCG Committee oversees the self-evaluation process for our Board, its committees, and individual Directors. This process ensures the Board and its committees are functioning
effectively to create shared value for the Company’s stakeholders and is one of several inputs the Board considers when forming the slate of Director nominees for each annual meeting. Core aspects
of this process include:
Continual
Enhancements
Before each annual self-evaluation, the NCG Committee considers enhancements to ensure continued effectiveness and incorporate prior-year feedback. In 2025, based on Director feedback,
the NCG Committee added additional open-ended questions to elicit deeper commentary.
Electronic Evaluation
Questionnaire
Directors complete an electronic questionnaire assessing Board and committee effectiveness across categories such as ethics and accountability; composition, refreshment, and culture;
meetings and administration; the Board’s independence and relationship to management; oversight of strategy; risk management oversight; succession planning and human capital
management; industry knowledge; and Committee responsibilities.
Detailed Reporting
and Analysis
A third-party board advisory firm compiles and analyzes responses and prepares a confidential report for all Directors in advance of the evaluation discussions, including heat maps, priority
graphs, a strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats analysis, and other graphics to assist in the Directors’ assessment of Board effectiveness.
One-on-One,
Committee, and full
Board Discussions
The Lead Independent Director conducts one-on-one discussions with each Director to gather candid feedback. Committee Chairs also hold individual discussions with members of their
committees, with summary themes shared with the full Board as appropriate. Committee-level discussions inform the full Board’s self-evaluation, with the Lead Independent Director
facilitating the Board discussion.
Focus on Outcomes
The NCG Committee and Lead Independent Director monitor relevant follow-up actions. In 2025, as a direct result of the self-evaluation process, management streamlined Board materials to
ensure Directors have all the relevant information necessary to support their oversight responsibilities.
Ongoing Evaluations
Directors are encouraged to raise any topics related to the self-evaluation with the Chair of the NCG Committee, the Chair of an applicable committee, the Lead Independent Director, or with
the whole Board, as appropriate, at any time.
Regions’ Board views meaningful annual self-evaluation as an essential component of maintaining an engaged, independent, and high-performing Board. Our evaluation process combines electronic
questionnaires, one-on-one Director discussions, and facilitated group conversations, supported by a third-party board advisory service that compiles and analyzes feedback. This modernized,
multi-layered approach produces constructive and actionable insights that inform Board refreshment, strengthen Board dynamics, and drive continuous improvement in how the Board and its
committees operate.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
18
Board Committees in 2025
CHAIR: José Suquet(1)
Audit Committee
MEMBERS:
In 2025, the Audit Committee remained focused on its core responsibility of overseeing Regions’ financial reporting and internal control environment, including the integrity of the
Company’s financial statements and the effectiveness of our internal accounting processes. Throughout the year, I met regularly with Internal Audit leadership, senior executives, and
our independent auditing firm to discuss audit plans, preview materials, and better understand the scope and results of audit activities across the Company. Our oversight also included
monitoring the implementation of the new Global Internal Audit Standards and evaluating their impact on our Internal Audit function.
Mark Crosswhite
Alison Rand(1)
Bill Rhodes(1)
Tim Vines(1)
2025 MEETINGS:
9 (+ 1 joint mtg with Risk Cmte)
(1) – Audit Committee Financial Expert
Committee members also participated in a series of Board-level education sessions designed to keep Directors informed on current and emerging issues affecting financial institutions.
These sessions covered developments in the banking industry, balance sheet hedging practices, cybersecurity and information-security risks, and the regulatory landscape (including
Regulation O and BSA/AML/OFAC). The Committee also maintained consistent attention on critical accounting estimates, such as the allowance for credit losses, fair value
measurements, goodwill, residential mortgage servicing rights, and income taxes, and the judgments underlying these determinations.
The Audit Committee continues to benefit from the significant expertise of its members. Alison and Bill bring deep financial and accounting experience, while Mark, Bill, and Tim
contribute valuable perspectives from their service as chief executives. Together, their collective knowledge strengthens the Committee’s ability to provide rigorous oversight of Regions’
financial reporting and audit processes. This experience, combined with our ongoing engagement with management and our auditors, helps ensure the Company remains well
positioned to manage evolving risks and regulatory expectations in 2026 and beyond.
CHAIR: Joia Johnson
CHR Committee
MEMBERS:
In 2025, the CHR Committee oversaw compensation and human capital matters during a year that called for thoughtful judgment. Early in the year, we reviewed and refined the
Executive Incentive Plan and Long Term Incentive Plan designs and certified performance results from the prior cycle. We also oversaw Say-on-Pay and the development of the new Long
Term Incentive Plan, both of which received “FOR” recommendations from our proxy advisors—a meaningful signal of confidence in our approach and alignment with shareholders.
Tom Hill
Ruth Ann Marshall
Bill Rhodes
Tim Vines
Throughout the year, we continued monitoring performance under both incentive plans and reviewed succession planning, equity utilization, and benchmarking peer groups to ensure
competitiveness heading into 2026. We also approved updates to key compensation and human capital policies, including enhancements to the Code of Conduct and
recoupment-related documents, to strengthen clarity and keep pace with evolving expectations.
6 (+ 1 joint mtg with Risk Cmte)
Human capital remained central to our mandate, and we received valuable updates on talent acquisition, talent management, and learning and development as Regions continues
investing in its people and culture. We also reviewed shareholder engagement insights that will help shape our priorities for 2026. I’m grateful for the dedication and perspective each
Committee member brought to our work this year and for their commitment to ensuring that our compensation and human capital programs support Regions’ long-term strategy.
CHAIR: Ruth Ann Marshall
NCG Committee
The past year required the NCG Committee to navigate a rapidly evolving governance environment marked by heightened scrutiny, regulatory uncertainty, and shifting shareholder
priorities. Against this backdrop, the NCG Committee focused on exercising informed judgment and ensuring that Regions’ governance practices, Board composition, and disclosures
remain aligned with the Company’s strategy and long-term interests of our shareholders.
2025 MEETINGS:
Mark Crosswhite
Tom Hill
Joia Johnson
Jim Prokopanko
5
A central priority throughout the year was thoughtful stewardship of Board composition and effectiveness. The NCG Committee continued its intentional approach to Board refreshment
and oversight, including the recent addition of Roger Jenkins, whose experience and perspectives have further strengthened the Board. We also advanced enhancements to the Board
and Committee self-evaluation process, building on last year’s transition to electronic questionnaires to promote more constructive dialogue and actionable insights.
In parallel, the NCG Committee devoted significant attention to governance-related disclosure and shareholder engagement amid a dynamic proxy and regulatory landscape. This
included overseeing revisions to governing documents in response to shareholder proposals, guiding management’s engagement with shareholders on governance matters, and
supporting preparation for a complex proxy season involving multiple management and shareholder proposals. As governance expectations continue to evolve, the NCG Committee
remains focused on maintaining a transparent, resilient governance framework that supports effective oversight and long-term value creation.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
19
CHAIR: Jim Prokopanko
Risk Committee
Throughout 2025, the Risk Committee continued to oversee management’s advancement of Regions’ strong risk management culture and the proactive identification and management
of key risks in a highly dynamic environment. During 2025, the Risk Committee effectively monitored parameters and tolerances for risk-taking by the Company to ensure we remain in
alignment with our established risk appetite. Despite global volatility, the Risk Committee provided oversight of management to ensure Regions effectively managed the risks within our
control. The Risk Committee continued to provide oversight of credit risk in response to economic headwinds, particularly for portfolios of heightened risk, and monitored capital
adequacy, enterprise compliance, cybersecurity and financial crimes (including fraud and BSA/AML/OFAC), and the overall internal control environment. While the regulatory
environment continues to evolve, the Risk Committee supported management in continuing to do what is right for our customers and shareholders, in line with our mission and vision.
Noopur Davis
Zhanna Golodryga
Roger Jenkins
Lee Styslinger
José Suquet(2)
4 (+ 1 joint mtg with Audit Cmte
+ 1 joint mtg with CHR Cmte)
Notwithstanding these significant risks, the Risk Committee also effectively monitored other key risks to the Company, including, among others, evolving regulations, core infrastructure
modernization, security, asset/liability management, enterprise resilience, model performance (including generative AI), customer complaints, and third-party risk management.
The Risk Committee will continue to work with management and outside experts with the goal of ensuring prudent and effective risk oversight within the fast-paced and ever-changing
financial services industry.
(2) – Risk Mgmt. Expert
CHAIR: Zhanna Golodryga
Technology Committee
Throughout 2025, the Technology Committee continued its oversight of Regions’ enterprise-wide modernization and transformation initiatives, maintaining strong alignment between
technology priorities and business strategy. As our organization advances its digital capabilities, the Technology Committee remained focused on understanding emerging technology
trends and assessing their potential impact on Regions’ operations, competitiveness, and long-term growth.
Roger Jenkins
Alison Rand
Lee Styslinger
Over the past year, the Technology Committee supported the ongoing efforts of the Transformation Office, the Technology group, and the business segments to drive progress across
core deposits and lending modernization, omnichannel delivery, personalization, and other innovation programs essential to delivering improved customer and business outcomes. In
connection with these initiatives, the Technology Committee reviewed and approved associated investments, monitored resource allocation, and provided guidance on the Company’s
change management efforts. Working closely with the Risk Committee, we continued our oversight of information technology and security activities, including cybersecurity, data
privacy, and the evolving landscape of digital risk.
The Technology Committee also monitored management’s deployment of generative AI, including the foundational controls designed to protect the Bank and the progression of priority
use cases across the Company. We reviewed updates on program milestones, timelines, and safeguards to help ensure AI is introduced in a responsible, risk-aligned manner.
In 2026, our focus remains consistent: providing oversight of and insight into the role of technology as a strategic enabler for Regions, ensuring disciplined execution of transformation
initiatives, and supporting the Company’s continued progress in building a modern, resilient, and customer-centric technology foundation.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
20
Risk Management and Compliance
Regions’ mission and business strategy are based on the concept of shared value—that what we do as a business should benefit both our company and our stakeholders. This commitment to shared
value requires effective management of financial and non-financial risks and opportunities, which aligns with our long-standing strategic priority of enhancing risk management. Our Risk Management
Framework outlines our approach for managing risk and includes four components:
Collaborative
Risk
Culture
A strong, collaborative risk culture demonstrated by our values, attitudes, and behaviors is fundamental to our Core Values and operating principles. A healthy risk culture
must be in place to drive the execution of our approach to risk management, which is ultimately evidenced by prudent risk-taking within the bounds of our risk appetite,
supported by sustainable risk processes and overseen through responsible risk governance. Sustaining a collaborative risk culture is critical to our success and is a clear
expectation of executive management and the Board of Directors.
Sound
Appetite
Regions is in the business of taking and managing risks. Accurately identifying and documenting the types and levels of risk that we as a business are willing to take to achieve
our strategic objectives and business plans—our risk appetite—is vital to the Company’s sustainability and profitability. Our risk appetite must stay within the bounds of the
Company’s risk capacity, which is the maximum amount of risk (for all types of risk) that Regions is able to support in pursuit of its business objectives before it breaches
regulatory constraints (e.g., solvency or liquidity requirements) or other stakeholder constraints (e.g., pension obligations). The risk appetite must also be consistent with
Regions’ mission and values.
Sustainable
Processes
Regions’ overarching risk management cycle, known as IMMMR (Identify, Measure, Mitigate, Monitor, and Report), serves as a foundation that our associates leverage to
successfully manage risk, thus protecting the interests of all stakeholders. It is the responsibility of every associate to review and understand their role in each component of
the risk management cycle.
Responsible
Our risk governance framework aids in the prudent pursuit of the Company’s strategic objectives through monitoring of performance and evaluation of risk and reward. It is
designed to align the interests of the Board and management with those of our shareholders and to foster integrity throughout the Company. Our risk governance framework
establishes oversight responsibilities for the risks we face and the activities that we perform to mitigate these risks. Additionally, it provides a robust challenge process, which
allows for transparency and action.
Clearly defined roles and responsibilities are critical to the effective management of risk. This clarity helps ensure differentiation of activities across the Three Lines of Defense and between
organizational units, including Front Line Units, Enterprise Support Units, Risk Management, and Assurance Functions. The First Line of Defense refers to associates, activities, and processes that
generate revenue, reduce expense, and/or provide operational support or servicing, including technology services, to any organizational unit or function. The Second Line of Defense refers to the
associates responsible for developing and deploying enterprise tools and processes designed to identify, measure, monitor, or assess aggregate risks of the Company. The Third Line of Defense
refers to organizations and activities that independently evaluate the adequacy of, and compliance with, policies, standards, programs, procedures, and processes.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
Financial Crimes Risk Management
Financial Crimes Risk Management at Regions includes Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money
Laundering (BSA/AML), Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), and Anti-Bribery and AntiCorruption (ABAC) compliance oversight. Regions is committed to complying with both the
letter and the spirit of the laws and regulations governing sanctions and prohibiting money
laundering, terrorist financing, bribery and corruption, and other financial crimes. We regularly
review our Financial Crimes Risk Management policies and procedures and update them as
needed. Regions remains committed to ensuring not only that all policies and procedures fully
comply with applicable rules and regulations, but also that they are clearly communicated
and readily accessible to our associates.
Our comprehensive, company-wide, Corporate BSA/AML and OFAC Programs consist of
corporate policies and standards applicable to all Regions associates, management, affiliates,
subsidiaries, and business units. The Corporate BSA/AML and OFAC Policies and Standards, as
well as Business Unit BSA/AML/OFAC Procedures are posted on our intranet site. Additionally,
as part of our efforts to ensure that the BSA/AML and OFAC Programs are widely understood
and consistently followed, we track participation in Regions’ mandatory BSA/AML/OFAC
training programs. We also provide targeted supplemental training for associates in certain
roles.
BSA/AML and OFAC risk governance are accomplished through formal oversight by the Board
and its Risk Committee, which approve both the BSA/AML and OFAC Programs. The Risk
Committee receives reports from management related to BSA/AML and OFAC on at least a
quarterly basis. We also maintain a Financial Crimes Risk Management Department
responsible for BSA/AML, OFAC, and ABAC Compliance oversight, an operational Financial
Crimes Unit within Operations and Technology, a Corporate BSA/AML Officer, an OFAC Officer,
an ABAC Officer, and a BSA/AML and OFAC Committee (BAOC), which is a management-level
special purpose committee responsible for overseeing and monitoring the effectiveness of
controls and processes designed to identify, measure, mitigate, monitor, and report on BSA/
AML, OFAC, and ABAC risks.
The effectiveness of the BSA/AML and OFAC Programs, as well as associates’ adherence to
program requirements, is subject to ongoing testing by our Internal Audit Division. Regions is
also subject to periodic BSA/AML- and OFAC-focused regulatory examinations. Our Board and
senior management receive regular reports on regulatory submissions filed by Regions, as
required by applicable laws and regulations and by our BSA/AML and OFAC Programs.
Individual recognition and accountability are critical to the success of our BSA/AML and OFAC
Programs. Accordingly, Regions maintains a program, which is administered by our Corporate
Security Department with oversight by the BAOC, to reward associates for exceptional efforts
in monitoring and referring potentially suspicious activity. Additionally, adherence to the
requirements of the BSA/AML and OFAC Programs is incorporated into associates’
performance evaluations.
Empowerment Through Innovation
BANKING YOUR WAY
At Regions, we seek to make banking simpler, more convenient, and more connected for
customers with a wide array of services and options to access them. These options include:
In-branch banking
Online and mobile applications
ATMs
By phone through our Contact Center
Chat
Our approach allows bankers to turn everyday interactions into more meaningful, highly
personalized solutions for customers. Instead of simply offering to process a transaction
request for a customer, they show customers how to complete those transactions digitally
more quickly and confidently.
Newly designed branches replace traditional teller lines with private, welcoming workstations
for more meaningful, one-on-one conversations about the financial goals that matter most to
customers. The Consumer Banking Group’s new hire training program provides learning
solutions designed to help bankers deliver consistent advice, guidance, education and
tailored solutions to meet customer needs.
As more customers choose to bank and plan digitally, we continue to evolve how we meet
their needs with insights, tools, and guidance. Our digital capabilities make banking simpler
and more intuitive, while helping us better understand each customer’s financial situation so
we can help them build a personalized roadmap for what’s next.
This comes to life through Regions Greenprint®, which allows anyone to create a plan around
their finances with a banker at no cost. With the introduction of Greenprint on the Go,
customers can now complete the foundational steps of their personalized plan anytime,
anywhere. That way, when they connect with a banker, the focus is on what matters most:
refining goals, uncovering new opportunities and taking meaningful action.
We believe technology does not replace relationships. It strengthens them. At Regions, every
interaction is an opportunity to build trust, simplify the financial journey, and help customers
feel more confident about what comes next. By bringing together personalized guidance and
innovative tools, we empower customers to take control of their financial future while creating
lasting value through stronger relationships and better outcomes.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
22
DIGITAL ACCELERATION
Investing in digital capabilities is another way we seek to make banking easier for our
customers. The redesigned mobile app launched in 2025 features enhanced navigation,
updated account maintenance options, convenient budgeting tools, and more, all with the
goal of helping customers more easily manage their accounts. As a direct result of these
investments, our digital users increased 1.0 percent year over year, reaching 3.4 million active
increased 2.1 percent year over year, and Regions finished the year with a mobile app rating of
4.91 out of 5. Customer engagement with person-to-person payments continued to accelerate,
with Zelle® transactions increasing 16.8 percent year over year. Convenience and security
biometric authentication.
Shared Value in
Action
We’re committed to helping
people manage and grow
their finances through simple,
convenient solutions. In 2025,
we announced a series of
upgrades to the Regions
Mobile Banking app for both
iOS and Android devices—
with more upgrades on the
way. Read more about the
announced upgrades here.
The IS Program includes information security policies, procedures, and controls designed to
prevent, detect, limit, and respond to cyberattacks or similar incidents that might impact
Regions’ technologies, systems, and networks. Regions’ IS Program is designed and
implemented to align closely with National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)
standards, including NIST Special Publication 800-53, and is periodically evaluated as part of
ongoing risk management and control activities. The IS Policy establishes technical,
administrative, and physical control directives designed to protect information assets and
information systems from reasonably foreseeable risks, including unauthorized access,
disclosure, modification, destruction, or misuse of information. The IS Program is
supplemented by cybersecurity operations that protect the integrity and availability of
information systems. Regions’ Third-Party Risk Management function also conducts due
diligence and ongoing oversight of Regions’ third-party vendors. Regions maintains a Cyber
Incident Response Plan that is integrated with broader business continuity and crisis
management processes. These capabilities are reviewed, tested, and enhanced on an ongoing
basis to support operational resilience. Enhancements are informed by internal testing,
exercises, and lessons learned from evolving threat scenarios.
Regions engages external experts and advisors, as needed, to review, enhance, and support
our IS Program. For example, third parties may be used to assist in the event of a breach or to
mitigate certain threats to Regions' environment. Internally, Regions regularly provides
associates with cybersecurity training and education. To bolster these practices, Regions
maintains cybersecurity insurance, which is reviewed annually as part of its broader risk
management strategy to help mitigate certain potential financial impacts of cyber events. In
addition, Regions participates in the Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis
Center (FS-ISAC), as well as other industry organizations, to collaborate with peer banks and
other financial institutions on emerging cybersecurity, fraud, and operational risk threats.
Information shared through these collaborations informs Regions’ threat awareness and risk
management activities.
ENTERPRISE RESILIENCE
CYBERSECURITY
As a company that deals with large volumes of sensitive customer information and financial
transactions, Regions treats cybersecurity as a core enterprise risk and a key operational risk
within its enterprise-wide Risk Management Framework. As part of this framework, Regions
utilizes the “Three Lines of Defense” concept to clearly designate risk management activities,
and this concept is applicable to cybersecurity risk. The Information Security (IS) Program is
led by Regions’ Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) and is subject to executive
management and Board-level oversight through established enterprise governance and risk
management structures.
Enterprise resilience is integral to Regions’ ability to support the delivery of critical services
and manage operational risk during disruptive events. Regions is committed to supporting our
customers and associates by providing essential business and technology services, minimizing
service disruptions, ensuring timely resumption of operations, and limiting impacts during
periods of disruption.
Regions’ Enterprise Resilience (ER) Program establishes a structured approach aligned with
regulatory expectations, including guidance from the Federal Financial Institutions
Examination Council, and other relevant industry standards. The program encompasses
business continuity, disaster recovery (technology resilience), third-party resilience, and crisis
Rating is for the Apple® iOS version of the Regions Mobile app only.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
23
management. Regions’ ER Program is led by the CISO and operated through a coordinated,
enterprise-wide approach, with governance integrated into Regions’ broader enterprise risk
management and oversight processes, and ultimately overseen by the Risk Committee of the
Board.
In addition to enterprise-wide efforts, all Regions business units are responsible for developing
and maintaining business continuity plans to support critical functions during localized
disruptions (e.g., weather or facility events). The ER Program team provides governance,
standards, and guidance to support business units in developing and maintaining these plans,
ensuring alignment to enterprise expectations and regulatory requirements.
The ER Program team partners with technology and application owners to ensure recovery
capabilities are defined and maintained for critical systems. Recovery strategies are validated
through regular testing to confirm systems can be restored within established recovery
objectives. Our Crisis Management Team is responsible for the coordination, communication,
and oversight of significant events that may impact the Company or our customers. This team
is supported by a Crisis Management response guide that outlines response actions for a
range of disruption scenarios and is integrated with the ER Program. Through our ER Program,
Regions is able to continue delivering critical services and supporting our customers,
associates, and communities during times of disruption.
DATA PRIVACY
Data privacy is critical to the collection and use of our customers’ and associates’ personal
provided to all customers upon establishing a new consumer relationship or account with
Regions. It explains how we collect, use, and share information. The Privacy Pledge also
provides customers with instructions on how they can limit certain types of information
more information about our commitment to fair and responsible banking, please see the Fair
and Responsible Banking section within this report.
These privacy programs and policies are overseen by the Privacy Team within the Enterprise
Compliance and Operational Risk Department. The Privacy Team’s main objectives include
adherence to legal and regulatory requirements; and prompt escalation of privacy-related
issues and incidents for attention and resolution.
RESPONSIBLE USE OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
in ways that better meet—and even anticipate—individuals’ needs. One way Regions is
addressing this dual challenge is through investing in, developing, and using artificial
intelligence (AI) solutions to help ensure a more consistent, efficient, and secure banking
experience for our customers. We utilize AI solutions to help us perform critical functions, such
as protecting our customers from fraud, connecting customers with the products and services
that will best suit their needs, and developing an “AI-ready” workforce. The importance of
these resources underscores the need to use them in a responsible way. Regions makes it a
priority to use AI in a manner that is consistent with our values as an organization, and, as a
result, the responsible use of AI receives significant attention at Regions.
To demonstrate our commitment to practicing responsible AI, Regions has established a
responsible AI framework designed to promote the ethical, transparent, and accountable use
of AI in support of our business and customers. Our approach emphasizes appropriate human
oversight, privacy and data protection, and compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
We use AI for defined, approved purposes, with controls intended to mitigate risks related to
bias, misuse, and unintended consequences. Regions policies require transparency around
AI-assisted content where appropriate and prohibit the use of AI for unlawful, unethical, or
harmful activities. Our governance approach is designed to ensure AI supports—rather than
replaces—human judgment and aligns with our broader risk management and compliance
programs.
The Artificial Intelligence Responsible Use Policy applies to all associates who own, develop,
process, use, or oversee AI systems implemented at Regions, both those built in-house, as well
as those procured from or accessed through external vendors and third parties.
By adhering to these guiding principles, and through active participation in the U.S. AI Safety
Institute Consortium, of which Regions became a founding member in January 2024, a
distinction unique among its peers, Regions aims to harness the potential of AI while
proactively mitigating risks. Regions pairs its commitment to innovative and responsible AI use
with a focus on strong AI governance.
Our “Integrated AI Risk Management Framework” formalizes Regions’ commitment to these
guiding principles by connecting relevant policies and procedures to ensure a cohesive risk
management approach that encompasses the distinctive characteristics and risks of AI. This
approach includes effective oversight, reporting, and controls to ensure successful execution
against the Framework. To facilitate oversight, the Framework outlines a cross-functional AI
Risk Working Group along with multiple management-level committees who work together to
mitigate the risks inherent in developing, deploying, using, and monitoring AI systems,
including but not limited to operational, compliance, legal, strategic, and reputational risks.
Regions believes there are certain aspects of banking that should never change: trust, security,
service, value, and convenience. At the same time, however, banking should constantly evolve
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
24
Environmental Risk Management
Effective governance driven by shared value entails both addressing the risks that our
company faces and capitalizing on opportunities we identify. This necessitates monitoring for
significant environmental risks and opportunities related to our business.
Continuing to explore potential data needs and sources to improve our risk insights for
internal reporting and leadership awareness (e.g., more localized property-level data to
inform physical risk analysis)
Accordingly, as environmental considerations continue to evolve, we maintain our Risk
Management Framework to effectively capture and address these risks in line with our broader
strategic goals. We incorporate environmental risks in our Risk Inventory and address them in
accordance with our existing enterprise-wide framework of risk management tools and
programs, which facilitates responsible decision-making regardless of the underlying risk
stripes where they might arise. For example, severe weather events across our footprint may
drive operational risk; our approach allows us to manage the risks related to these events in a
manner consistent with other operational risks. The dynamic impacts and relevance of these
factors—both now and in the future—necessitate ongoing, cross-functional monitoring.
Participating in topical discussions and knowledge-sharing on industry best practices
with groups such as ProSight, Bank Policy Institute, American Bankers Association,
Consumer Bankers Association, Commercial Real Estate Finance Council, International
Association of Credit Portfolio Managers, and Urban Land Institute
Exploring more custom scenario analysis capabilities to assess environmental risks with a
heightened focus on physical risk specific to certain geographies and on understanding
industry-specific risk through tailored transmission pathways
Promoting internal awareness around environmental risks and opportunities, including
regulatory expectations and industry best practices
Continuously improving our ability to leverage customer-level insights and conversations
to assess and address potential environmental risks and opportunities
To that end, we maintain a program-led portfolio of initiatives to continue advancing our risk
management understanding and practices. These initiatives are informed by feedback from
our stakeholders, industry best practices, and legal and regulatory requirements and
developments, among other inputs. Our cross-functional workstream leaders meet regularly
to discuss prioritization, progress, opportunities, and the dynamic landscape surrounding
these topics. These efforts include:
Continuing to monitor the potential impacts of natural disaster trends and sizing the
potential risk and impact to our assets, resources, and overall portfolio through
geospatial analysis
Evaluating insurance industry trends that might impact our customers, communities,
associates, and operational enterprise resilience and identifying opportunities to
proactively monitor and mitigate such risks
Monitoring and responding to the development of state- and federal-level regulatory
obligations related to environmental risk and related reporting as part of our broader
compliance risk management
Monitoring customer due diligence and underwriting practices to adequately account for
financial as well as environmental risk considerations, potential transmission pathways,
and opportunities to advise our customers (i.e., improved physical risk management
practices)
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
25
SCENARIO ANALYSIS AND RISK ASSESSMENT
As an existing risk management practice, Regions utilizes scenario analysis, which is a
systematic process for exploring the uncertainty inherent in various risks and to evaluate the
potential impacts. We continue to improve our scenario analysis data and methodologies so
that we may remain well positioned with regard to developing industry standards in risk and
opportunity identification, as well as dynamic policy developments.
Given the uncertainty and the time-based aspects of environmental physical risks, we have
leveraged scenario analysis to frame our risk assessments and have incorporated this as a
recurring exercise within our risk management programs. Using a set of hypothetical
environmental risk scenarios that depict different potential future states, Regions assessed the
possible impacts to the Company over different time horizons. Regions continues to use
industry-leading scenario frameworks that include different transmission pathways reflecting
various assumptions and timeframes. These scenarios are consistent with those selected by
Regions in previous years and reflect varying risk vectors, including the nature and timing of
hypothetical policy and other assumptions. These scenarios do not represent Regions’
expectations but have been constructed to assist in the evaluation of potential impacts across
a broad range of potential outcomes.
Types of Environmental Risks
Physical Risk
Risks associated with weather-related events and other
natural or environmental conditions, which may occur as
acute events (i.e., single occurrences) or develop over time
through chronic trends (i.e., more gradual changes)
Examples: tornadoes, hurricanes, wildfires, and gradual
changes in sea levels
Business Evolution
Risks associated with the transition to a lower-carbon
economy, which may arise from changes in policy, regulation,
technology, or market dynamics
Examples: new or updated policies and regulations; emerging
technologies; shifts in customer preferences
IMPACT OF WEATHER-RELATED PHYSICAL RISKS ON OUR BUSINESS
When evaluating Regions’ own business operations, acute and chronic physical risks primarily affect operational risk areas, including business continuity, physical asset management, human capital,
and third-party vendor/supply chain management. These operations-related topics are effectively managed through Regions’ existing risk management programs, as outlined in the Risk Management
Framework.
Summary Findings
Weather-related operational losses averaged $3.8 million per year between 2015 and
2025, with approximately 57 percent of those attributed to hurricane-related events.
We continue to utilize our internally-developed geospatial and data analytics tools to
evaluate natural hazard impacts to various aspects of our operations, including
branches, corporate facilities, associates, and third-party vendor locations.
◻
◻
In addition to prior analysis of sea-level rise projections, Regions continues to
leverage the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s (FEMA) National Risk Index
(NRI) dataset to evaluate exposure across 18 natural hazards within our geospatial
data and analytics methodology.
Based on FEMA’s NRI data, tornadoes, hurricanes, and lightning represent the most
common hazards with potential to impact our branch network, critical facilities, and
associates.
WEATHER-RELATED NET OPERATIONAL LOSSES
2015–2025
15%
24%
57%
4%
Winter Weather and Miscellaneous
Rains / Flooding
Winds / Tornado
Hurricane
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
26
Takeaways and Next Steps
Continue investing in technology, infrastructure, and digital capabilities to enhance operational resilience and mitigate risk.
Continue integrating natural disaster considerations into branch location decisioning, while assessing potential impacts on communities and lending activities. This includes further enhancing
geospatial data and analytics and incorporating broader environmental risk elements into enterprise resilience assessments.
Continue monitoring the impacts of weather-related events on operational losses and insurance premiums.
Continue expanding data sourcing opportunities to strengthen risk insights, including visibility into fourth-party locations and collaboration with insurance and enterprise resilience third parties.
IMPACT OF PHYSICAL RISKS ON OUR REAL ESTATE PORTFOLIOS
While Regions remains mindful of longer-term physical risks, we also continue to be vigilant regarding near-term, “acute” physical risks to the portfolio. Because a significant portion of our operations
is located in areas of the United States that are susceptible to hurricanes, tornadoes, flooding, and other severe weather events, Regions has significant experience managing these risks while
supporting our customers. When acute phenomena like hurricanes or wildfires occur, Regions utilizes geospatial and other tools to monitor situations in real time. We scope the impact zone and
conduct outreach to both our customers and our associates to understand their circumstances and offer assistance where needed.
Utilizing publicly available datasets, we regularly assess our portfolios’ exposure to different hazards, including but not limited to tornadoes, hurricanes, lightning, wildfire, and riverine and coastal
flooding. We have also explored the potential impacts of other events, such as earthquakes in the New Madrid Seismic Zone (NMSZ) across the Southern and Midwestern United States. For example, in
our 2026 cross-functional physical risk workshop, we evaluated portfolio and operations data and explored a less likely but higher-impact earthquake scenario in the NMSZ. The NMSZ is the most
active seismic area in the United States east of the Rocky Mountains and was the site of the Great New Madrid Earthquakes of 1811–1812. The area includes major cities such as Memphis, St. Louis,
Little Rock, and Evansville.
The workshop discussion included subject-matter experts across technology, operations (both branch and back-office), risk, insurance, vendor management, and communications, among others.
Current risk mitigation practices, such as customer and associate monitoring and outreach, were discussed. The group also explored the distinctions between effectively preparing for and responding
to weather events—which can benefit from forecasting and tracking technologies—and earthquakes, which generally offer little to no warning. Timing and prior knowledge can significantly impact
how an organization manages risks and opportunities before, during, and after an event. Participants also noted similarities between managing earthquake scenarios and other disruptive events in
terms of risk management during and after the event. This discussion also highlighted how our insurance portfolio management practices account for such natural disaster potential.
Exploring a range of perils informs our perspective on relevant mitigants of acute physical risks. The most important of these mitigants is insurance, which continues to be highly effective in mitigating
physical risk to bank portfolios. As such, we continue to conduct analyses of our exposures in areas where the insurance market is experiencing significant changes in pricing or availability, and we
regularly discuss these observations and identify continuous improvement opportunities through governance forums.
We are confident that our strong risk management practices, including scenario analysis and appropriate insurance requirements and monitoring, work together to keep our overall exposure to
physical risks low. Regions closely observes the dynamic insurance landscape across the markets we serve so that we can continue to mitigate physical risks and operate safely and soundly. We also
continue to follow emerging best practices in the analysis of physical risks, including new datasets, models, methodologies, and other risk management tools.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
27
Next Steps
Continue supporting our customers in the achievement of their strategic goals.
Monitor the dynamic insurance market, including issues of affordability and availability
for our customers and third parties.
Continue evaluating emerging datasets, models, methodologies, and other risk
management tools to assess the impact of acute and chronic physical risks on our real
estate and other portfolios.
Continue evolving associate location and safety considerations and monitoring in the
event of natural disasters.
Maintain awareness of industry standards in physical risk mitigation strategies to ensure
safe and sound operation.
Continue monitoring natural disaster-related and other physical risk events to
understand impacts to our portfolios and support our customers.
Enhance geospatial capabilities to further expand physical risk assessments across
relevant portfolios.
DRIVING RISK UNDERSTANDING WITHIN OUR COMMERCIAL AND INDUSTRIAL (C&I) PORTFOLIO
As part of our standard credit portfolio monitoring practices, Regions continues to monitor environmental risks related to business, regulatory, and market trends in our C&I portfolio. In conjunction
with expanding our understanding of risk transmission pathways for selected scenarios, Regions leverages an internal, qualitative assessment of environmental risks at the North American Industry
Classification System (NAICS) code level to develop portfolio, sector, and industry views of potential incremental expected losses under various scenarios, assuming a portfolio composition similar to
that of the present state. This internal NAICS assessment is refreshed regularly.
Environmental risks related to business, regulatory, and market trends can be illustrated by the examples below:
Increased compliance burden as environmental-related state or federal regulations, risk management expectations, and disclosure frameworks continue to expand and mature.
Gradual changes in borrower credit quality in sectors experiencing longer-term business model pressure due to factors such as evolving environmental standards, cost structures, or demand
patterns.
Exposure to legal challenges related to environmental disclosures, representations, fiduciary duties, or evolving contractual and regulatory expectations.
Execution risk associated with updating systems, processes, data, and third-party arrangements to address evolving risk management, reporting, and operational expectations.
We believe that our strategy, including deploying bankers with expertise in specialized industries and continuously monitoring industry-specific risk trends through our ongoing credit portfolio
management processes, allows us to remain vigilant to emerging risks while working together with our clients to support their objectives. To read more about these specialized products and services,
see the Tailoring Our Offerings to Customers' Goals discussion within this report’s Customers section.
Takeaways and Next Steps
Evaluate industry-specific transmission pathway drivers to further assess the impact of
risks in scenario analysis processes and remain aware of, and aligned with, emerging
industry standards.
Continue client-level due diligence appropriate to the industries we serve, to deepen
client relationships and promote sound and profitable growth.
Continue engaging with our customers and supporting them in achieving their strategic
goals.
Continue educating our client-facing associates on emerging business risks relevant to
the industries and markets they serve.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
28
Energy Use and Emissions
We are committed to operating our business responsibly, recognizing that this approach
supports the creation of long-term, sustainable value for our stakeholders. As of the end of
2025, Regions operated 1,247 banking offices and 1,786 ATMs primarily located across the
South, Midwest, and Texas. Regions also operates several offices delivering specialty
capabilities in New York, Washington D.C., Chicago, Salt Lake City, and other locations
nationwide. To help deliver shared value, we apply practical, disciplined decision-making that
enables us to operate these facilities more efficiently.
This enhancement reflects our ongoing commitment to improvement in calculation
methodologies, strengthened processes, and a focus on alignment with future regulatory
requirements. As part of this effort, we have transitioned emissions calculations in-house, with
support from external subject matter experts and in collaboration with a cross-functional core
development team. This also necessitated the rebaselining of our 2019 Scope 1 and Scope 2
(location-based) emissions, which serve as the baseline for tracking progress toward our goal
to reduce our gross Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location-based) emissions, for locations where
Regions directly receives utility invoices, by 50% by the year 2030.
We apply the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol’s Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard
to measure our operational emissions. These emissions include Scope 1 and Scope 2
categories. Under definitions established by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), direct
emissions from sources that we own or control are classified as Scope 1 emissions, including
emissions associated with fuel combustion in boilers, furnaces, or vehicles. Scope 2 emissions
are indirect emissions associated with purchased electricity, steam, heat, or cooling. While
Scope 2 emissions physically occur at the facility where they are generated, they are
considered our emissions because they result from our energy consumption.
50% reduction of gross Scope 1 and
Scope 2 (location-based) emissions by 2030
For additional transparency, we report our Scope 2 emissions on both a location- and marketbased basis. According to the GHG Protocol, location-based emissions represent our
emissions based on emissions factors from the geographic region or utility grid in which a
specific asset is operated. In addition to those emissions, market-based emissions also
account for contractual instruments such as renewable energy credits, carbon offsets, or other
energy procurement mechanisms that may carry supplier-specific emissions factors. Regions
operates on-site solar installations across numerous facilities to generate electricity for on-site
use, reducing the amount of electricity we procure from the grid and, in turn, lowering both
our location- and market-based Scope 2 emissions.
In 2025, as part of our commitment to continuous improvement, we aligned our methodology
more closely with the GHG Protocol’s Operational Control approach. According to the GHG
Protocol for GHG Accounting, operational control is defined as “the direct or indirect ability of
an organization to introduce and implement its policies and procedures at a facility or region
under its ownership or operational control.” Consistent with this approach, we expanded our
inventory boundary to include estimates for locations within our operational boundary where
Regions does not directly receive utility invoices. We also used additional internal data to
enhance the completeness of our calculations.
40%
2019
(Baseline)
50%
2025
(Actual)
2030
(Target)
Scope 1 & Scope 2 Emissions
(Location-Based)
% Goal Progress (Actual)
% Goal Progress (Target)
As of year-end 2025, we have achieved a 40% reduction.
We have increasingly focused on investments in
energy efficiency, which support our broader
commitments to reduce our operational GHG
Since 2024, we have
emissions and energy use. We pursue these
invested $33 million
reductions through targeted initiatives to optimize
our real estate portfolio, source renewable energy,
to replace 1,157
and strengthen control processes. These are driven
aging HVAC units as
by a number of long-term initiatives deployed
part of an ongoing
across our operations, such as installing energymodernization
efficient, light-emitting diode lighting and window
initiative.
glazing; upgrading our heating, ventilation, and air
conditioning (HVAC) and mechanical efficiency;
using building materials made from recycled
content; and implementing high-performance building envelope upgrades. Our standards for
constructing new branches and renovating existing branches consider energy efficiency, water
conservation, and the integration of other sustainable building practices.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
OPERATIONAL EMISSIONS AND ENERGY USE
Units
Total
Metric tons CO2e
12,928
> Natural Gas
Metric tons CO2e
6,727
> Other Scope 1 Sources
6,201
Total (Location-Based)
58,003
Total (Market-Based)
58,003
70,931
> Per 1,000 square feet
7.10
> Per Associate (at year-end)
3.55
> Per Revenue
9.42
Scope 2 Emissions
Scope 1 + Scope 2 Emissions
Total (Location-Based)
In the spirit of continuous improvement, we are always looking to make our
voluntary disclosures more meaningful through the processes we use to
develop them. The report’s core development team continues to invest
resources into maturing the process we use to collect, validate, and certify the
data that appears in this report. These improvements have resulted in
disclosures that we feel our stakeholders will find more valuable in the short
term, while also helping us prepare to fulfill future disclosure obligations. Over
the past year, these efforts have included:
Leveraging internal and external expertise in report development via a
cross-functional core development team and external subject-matter
experts
Improving energy use and emissions data quality by refining
calculation methodologies and strengthening processes while
transitioning our emissions calculations in-house
Collaborating across our Finance, Legal, and Internal Audit functions
to strengthen the control environment for the data quality processes we
use in developing voluntary disclosures
Employing a multi-stage review process that incorporates crossfunctional, management- and Board-level guidance
Aligning our voluntary and mandatory disclosures, as well as
monitoring regulatory and legal developments at the state and federal
levels to help maintain such alignment
Energy Use
Total Energy Consumption
MWh
199,305
> Electricity
MWh
150,658
> Natural Gas
37,108
> Other Combustion
11,219
> Self-Generated Renewables
319
> Per 1,000 square feet
19.94
> Per Associate (at year-end)
9.98
> Per Revenue
26.48
Consistent with prior years, we are obtaining limited third-party verification of our Scope 1 and
Scope 2 emissions. We will post the Verification Opinion Declaration from our vendor on our
website once the verification process is completed.
DATA GOVERNANCE
December 31, 2025
Scope 1 Emissions
VALUE CHAIN EMISSIONS
As defined by the EPA, Scope 3 emissions result from activities associated with assets we do not own or control, but that we indirectly affect in our value chain. The GHG Protocol’s Corporate Value
Chain Accounting and Reporting Standard outlines 15 categories of Scope 3 emissions. Currently, as a financial institution, our primary focus with respect to Scope 3 emissions is Category 15
emissions—commonly referred to as “Financed Emissions”—which are, by definition, linked to our investment, lending, and underwriting activities. We are focused on understanding various
emissions estimation data sources and methodologies using a cross-functional team that brings together associates with expertise related to specific industries, asset classes, and products, as well as
data and analytics—an approach that is generally consistent with the principles guiding the data governance we apply to other metrics in this report. We continue to monitor the evolution of state and
federal regulatory and legal developments in considering our current reporting, while also revisiting the relevance of Scope 3 categories to our business—all of which we believe are important factors
in assessing the true decision-usefulness of disclosing them.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
30
Resource Management
Along with lowering our energy and emissions impact on the environment, our operations
have also enabled us to decrease our reliance on paper use. Over the past year, we reduced
internal copy paper purchased by 3.3%, with 99.6% of our paper sourced from Forest
Stewardship Council-certified suppliers. Our ongoing digital innovation and expansion has
been instrumental in supporting a continued transition away from paper, while maintaining
multiple channels for us to provide safe and secure customer service.
In 2025, we recycled 8.5 million pounds of
office paper—a 28% increase from 2024.
Regions strives to reuse electronic equipment whenever possible. When internal reassignment is no longer feasible, we recycle using an approved hardware disposition vendor that is both Sustainable
Electronics Recycling International R2v3- and RIOS-certified, as well as ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management System-certified. Our certified vendor ensures that our electronic waste is properly
managed and that valuable raw materials are recovered and recycled.
Local Sourcing
Seeking relationships with small and local suppliers is fundamental to how we operate at Regions. This helps us to stay connected to the people we serve and contribute to economic growth in the
communities where we operate. Our local sourcing practice is one more way Regions is helping make a meaningful impact in our communities.
We view our vendors and suppliers of goods and services as extensions of Regions. We expect them to uphold our same high standards of integrity, operate responsibly, and support our mission to
create shared value. Regions is committed to expanding supply chain opportunities for small and local suppliers by providing access and opportunities to earn our business. This approach brings
more entrepreneurs to the table, enabling us to generate additional shared value in ways that support and uplift qualified companies that can contribute to the Bank’s services.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
31
We are focused on making life better for our customers by
delivering relationship-based advice, tailored financial
solutions, and consistent service excellence. By
understanding customer needs and enhancing access,
convenience, and protection, we aim to build long-term
relationships that support financial confidence and
shared success.
In This Section
Financial Inclusion
33
38
Products and Services
40
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
32
The financial needs of Regions’ customers are diverse, requiring a broad and evolving set of
solutions to meet them effectively. Regions’ commitment to financial inclusion goes beyond
making services available. One of the most important ways we engage with customers is by
giving them a quality experience: having needs-based conversations with them to ensure
we’re offering a personalized plan that’s designed to meet their unique needs. Accordingly, we
strive to ensure all of our customers have access to tailored financial solutions, innovative
products, and trusted guidance that can be used to develop a comprehensive plan supporting
their financial goals and aspirations.
Regions Next Step
Regions Next Step® is a financial education program available yearround at no cost to help anyone—including students, adults, and business
professionals—build financial capability, regardless of whether they bank
with Regions. The program is designed to help individuals move toward
achieving their financial goals. Through Regions Next Step programming,
Regions creates shared value by helping associates, customers, and the
communities we serve build a strong foundation of financial confidence.
As a key component of how Regions makes life better, various areas of the Bank contribute to
financial wellness programming. Regions Next Step serves as a unifying umbrella, connecting
our many financial education offerings across audiences and channels. This holistic approach
creates operational efficiencies and synergies while providing a common framework and focus
for programming.
Regions Next Step serves a broad range of audiences, including students from kindergarten
through college and adults at various life stages and income levels. The program also provides
resources tailored to the needs of businesses of all sizes.
Delivering financial education with a customer-centric approach differentiates Regions’
approach. The accessibility of these resources—available to all, regardless of customer status
—reinforces our commitment to inspiring, motivating, and supporting everyone throughout
their financial wellness journey. More information on Regions’ free Next Step content and tools
is available at regions.com/nextstep.
Regions Next Step Program
APPROXIMATELY
17,400
1,301
1.4 MILLION
1.8 MILLION
10,753
financial service hours
performed by Regions
financial wellness
workshops led by Regions
people, including visitors to
Regions.com, who received
financial education
page views of Regions’
digital financial education
resources
financial education courses
taken online by visitors to
the Regions website
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
FINANCIAL SERVICES FOR UNBANKED
AND UNDERBANKED POPULATIONS
Regions Now Card®: A reloadable prepaid Visa® debit card that can be
used for everyday spending and ATM access; the card is safer than
carrying cash and has no overdraft fees
Regions Now Savings®: A savings account exclusively for the primary
cardholder of a Regions Now Card that has no monthly fee and offers
opportunities to earn monthly and annual savings bonuses
Regions Now Checking®: A Bank On-certified account that helps remove
the worry of overdraft fees with a low, flat monthly fee
Full-Service Check Cashing: The ability to cash any check, for any
amount, with fees lower than most check-cashing stores
Money Transfers: The ability to send or receive money to almost anyone
for pickup as cash at hundreds of thousands of Western Union locations
worldwide
Money Orders: An affordable alternative to writing personal checks
Unbanked and Underbanked Populations
For millions of households, managing money means relying on cash-based alternative
financial services. To serve this population, Regions offers Regions Now Banking®, an
innovative solution that provides unbanked and underbanked customers with access to
alternative financial services from a trusted financial institution, as well as a pathway to
becoming fully banked over time. With Regions Now Banking, we offer these services without
requiring a consumer to have an existing deposit or credit relationship with us.
Regions Now Banking customers can access services such as prepaid cards, check cashing,
money orders, and services provided by Western Union®, including money transfers and inperson bill payments, as well as our standard financial tools and resources. Enrollment in
Regions Now Banking is available through our self-service digital “join the bank” process,
enabling customers to enroll in these services at any time, from anywhere, using a mobile
device.
Regions helps customers take control of their finances and achieve their goals using products
and services of their choice, supported by the service, security, strength, and stability of a
trusted financial partner.
It is critical for Regions to build trust with customers who may feel intimidated by or uncertain
about banks. Regions’ associates are trained to understand and empathize with unbanked
and underbanked customers. As part of our needs-based conversation process, associates
explain how Regions Now Banking products can address a variety of needs, as well as
introduce additional services that may benefit these individuals.
Regions Now Banking products are also subject to rigorous internal compliance and risk
oversight. These risk management efforts support both our regulatory requirements related to
customer identification and verification and our commitment to providing fair and responsible
banking products to all customers.
In-Person Bill Payment: The ability to use Western Union’s service to
make payments for bills such as utilities, consumer loans, and student
loans
Regions Explore® Visa Credit Card: A savings-secured credit card that
allows customers who may not otherwise qualify for a traditional credit
card to build or rebuild their credit
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
34
Potential Homeowners
The mortgage market in 2025 continued to face headwinds due to affordability concerns. Interest rate levels, rising
home prices, and increasing homeowners’ insurance costs continued to challenge many homebuyers seeking
affordable housing.
In 2025, we originated over $75.2 million in
affordable lending mortgages. As of year-end,
Affordable lending accounted for $1.6 billion, or
about 8.4% of Regions Mortgage total loan
volume on the balance sheet.
Regions Mortgage, a part of our Consumer Banking Group, supports homeownership in our emerging markets by
offering a variety of products, including affordable mortgage products like our Affordable 97 and Affordable 100
Mortgages to help meet the specific needs of low- and moderate-income (LMI) borrowers. Through our Affordable
Mortgage suite of portfolio products, Regions provides these borrowers the opportunity to become homeowners with a cash investment of as little as 1% of the property sales price, based on
borrower eligibility, and without the added cost of borrower-paid mortgage insurance. Additionally, the investment can come from a gift, grant, or other down payment assistance programs that do
not require a borrower payment.
Through our needs-based approach, which seeks to advise, guide, and educate customers on the economic benefits of homeownership throughout our footprint, Regions Mortgage assisted 9,486
borrowers with mortgage financing, of which almost 79% were purchase-money transactions. First-time homebuyers comprised 33% of closed purchase-money loans, which is evidence of our
commitment to help applicants achieve homeownership.
Regions Mortgage took the following proactive measures in 2025 to help our customers, the unbanked, and the underbanked overcome affordability barriers to achieve homeownership:
Through the Regions Next Step program, Regions offers a variety of financial resources, including a Homeownership Resource Center. This site provides calculators, podcasts, and other
educational tools to prepare individuals for homeownership.
Additionally, the Regions Next Step program team partners with our staff of mortgage loan officers (MLOs) to deliver virtual seminars and workshops in the markets we serve. In 2025, Regions
Next Step webinars generated 2,070 registrant requests for follow-up from a Regions MLO.
We made several enhancements to our suite of mortgage products:
The Regions FirstHome Assist down payment assistance (DPA) program offers grants of up to $15,000 to eligible homeowners in designated markets. In 2024, we expanded the use of the
grant to include not only down payments but also closing costs. In 2025, we approved 364 applicant requests totaling over $4.2 million.
During the summer of 2024, we launched the Regions MortgageAssist DPA/grant program in select markets. Through this grant, Regions provides: (i) $10,000 toward down payment and/or
closing costs and (ii) a 1% concession in rate to income-qualifying borrowers who are purchasing a home located in a majority-minority census tract. During 2025, we approved 55 grants
totaling $550,000.
We reduced minimum credit score requirements for certain first-time homebuyer programs, thereby easing qualifying hurdles for homebuyers with past credit issues.
We continue to work closely with credit counseling agencies, community organizations, advocacy groups, and individuals to help prepare potential homebuyers for homeownership.
Our mortgage sales associates continued their commitment to their communities by volunteering 7,975 service hours, achieving 336% of the team’s annual goal.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
35
Dwelling-Secured Lending
$7.9 billion
30,269
total value
total number of loans
$785.1 million
$1.3 billion
Dwelling-secured loans
to LMI borrowers
Dwelling-secured loans to
minority borrowers
$1.5 billion
Dwelling-secured loans to borrowers in LMI Census Tracts
$2.1 billion
Dwelling-secured loans to borrowers in
Majority-Minority Census Tracts
All figures as of December 31, 2025
Small Businesses
Business subject matter experts who provide additional insight across payment solutions,
liquidity management, and credit—including SBA-supported programs—helping ensure
solutions are well-structured and aligned to customer needs.
Digital investment is another key component of Regions’ small business strategy. The Bank
continues to enhance digital origination and servicing tools that enable businesses to send
and receive payments efficiently, enhance visibility into cash flow and liquidity, and streamline
onboarding and servicing across treasury services and liquidity solutions. These capabilities,
combined with banker-led guidance, help reduce operational complexity and support more
informed financial decision-making.
The SBA furthers the growth and development of small businesses by guaranteeing small
business loans made through lending partners nationwide. We are proud to be an SBA
Preferred Lender and one of America’s most experienced SBA lenders. In 2025, Regions
provided $2.2 billion in small business and small farm lending.
In addition to delivering financial solutions, Regions supports small businesses through
community investments, partnerships, and financial education initiatives that promote longterm economic opportunity.
Regions recognizes that small businesses are essential to the strength of local economies,
driving job creation and long-term community growth, and we are committed to providing
tools and support, including financial guidance, to help small businesses grow and move
forward. As part of the Regions360® approach to banking, our bankers provide small-business
customers with advice, guidance, and education through a relationship-based model
designed to understand each business’s unique needs and deliver tailored solutions. Regions’
Small Business solutions and services include tools for managing cash, cash flow, payroll, and
benefits, along with credit solutions, helping businesses operate efficiently, manage liquidity,
and pursue sustainable growth.
At the center of this approach is a focus on building strong banker-customer relationships
grounded in an understanding of each business’s goals, challenges, and day-to-day
operations. This enables Regions to deliver integrated solutions across payments, cash
management, liquidity and working capital, employee benefits, and lending that support both
immediate needs and long-term objectives.
This approach is supported by specialized expertise and digital capabilities that enhance how
businesses manage payments, monitor cash flow, and access capital, while maintaining hightouch banker relationships. Regions equips its bankers with access to a network of Small
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
36
U.S. Service Members and Veterans
Regions supports the efforts of the SBA in its ongoing mission to provide
small business owners with resources and support they need to thrive. As
part of Small Business Month, Regions co-sponsored the 2025 Small
Business Week Award Recognition Ceremony hosted by the SBA Alabama
District Office.
At Regions, we are committed to supporting members of the U.S. military and their families.
We understand service members face unique challenges—such as frequent moves, active-duty
requirements, and overseas deployments—that can make managing finances more complex.
Our Service Members and Veterans Affairs Manager focuses on the needs of the military
community, which includes our customers and employees.
Read more about this event here.
We are proud to help support members of the military, veterans, and their families by offering
specialized financial services including:
Regions demonstrates support for small businesses and community development through
targeted investments. As part of our Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) investment strategy,
Regions invests in Small Business Investment Companies (SBICs), which are privately owned
and managed investment funds licensed and regulated by the SBA. SBICs provide an
alternative source of financing for small businesses for their growth, expansion, and
modernization.
Since 1990, Regions has partnered with the Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) to
advance affordable housing, small business development, and economic mobility in urban
and rural communities.
Regions Community Development Corporation® (RCDC) provided a line of credit to help
LISC expand opportunities in places where access to capital has historically been limited.
Regions Foundation® provided a grant to support LISC’s Southern Rural Housing Initiative
to meet the growing need for safe, affordable housing in rural communities across the
South.
Regions also provides leadership at the local market level.
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act benefits, including loans, lines of credit, and mortgages
Focused SBA lending
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) loans that help eligible veterans, active service
members, and spouses purchase a home
For more details on the various ways we seek to make banking easier for members of the U.S.
Armed Forces and their families, visit the Regions Military Commitment page on the Regions
website. We also provide additional information about our support for this population in this
report. To learn more about our associate support, please see the Empower to Belong
section, and for more about our community support, please see the Supporting Inclusion
Through Community Outreach section.
Additionally, Regions supports small businesses through our Regions Next Step program.
Through this program, our Certified Financial Educators and local bankers conduct financial
education seminars and provide other solutions for businesses seeking to foster the financial
wellness of their employees, all at no cost to the employer. Regions works with businesses and
other employers to help their employees take control of their financial future, while
encouraging their success in the workplace and beyond. We provide more information about
Regions Next Step in the Regions Next Step subsection within this report.
Learn more about our products and services tailored for small businesses at regions.com/
small-business.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
37
Regions’ customers are at the heart of our business, and we are committed to treating
prospective and existing customers in a manner that is transparent, fair, and consistent
with laws and regulations. All Regions associates are expected to adhere to both the
letter and the spirit of fair and equal treatment laws and principles, not simply because
they are the law, but because such banking principles align with Regions’ corporate
values. These expectations include compliance with consumer protection laws and
regulations that prohibit any predatory or unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices
(UDAAP); all associates are responsible for complying with our related policy and for
promptly reporting any violation or suspected violation of that policy. The second line of
defense helps promote a culture of compliance with regulatory requirements, internal
policies, and industry guidance impacting consumer and business products and services.
Regions is also strongly committed to providing financial products and services to
prospective and existing customers on a fair and responsible basis. Regions has
established a Fair and Responsible Lending (FRL) Policy to which all business groups
involved directly or indirectly in the lending process are required to adhere. Every
associate must further comply with the FRL Policy and ensure all aspects of the lending
process, including application, underwriting, closing, servicing, and beyond, are executed
consistently, fairly, and accurately. Fair and responsible banking is also addressed in a
module in one of the training courses that all associates are required to complete, which
we cover in the Ethics and Integrity subsection within this report.
Regions’ commitment to FRL is incorporated throughout the product lifecycle, including
product development, advertising, marketing, training, and the established Customer
Assistance Program. Regions has also established credit policies, procedures, and
product guidelines that direct all phases of the lending process and govern activities such
as pricing, product eligibility, servicing, and other functions of offering and extending
credit.
Our Mortgage team, for example, has a programmatic focus on meeting Regions’ fair and
responsible banking commitment. The program includes a needs-based, customerfocused strategy designed to increase transparency and clarity throughout the loan
process. Our online mortgage application, along with the consumer portal, improves
efficiency and allows borrowers to track their loan progress and access information
needed to make informed decisions during the origination process. A communication
and training plan also helps ensure that all Mortgage associates understand our fair and
responsible banking and lending commitment.
WHAT DOES “FAIR AND RESPONSIBLE BANKING”
MEAN TO REGIONS?
Informing customers about products and services that meet their needs
and providing the information needed to use these solutions
appropriately
Sharing product communications and disclosures in a clear, transparent
way
Delivering financial education to customers and communities
Enhancing customer satisfaction and loyalty through fair and
responsible banking practices
Complying with all laws and regulations related to fair and responsible
banking
Providing clarity and transparency to help customers make more
informed decisions about the products and services that best meet their
needs
Providing clarity and transparency is also at the heart of Regions’ Simplicity
Pledge®:
Regions is committed to providing you with the
information you need to make good financial decisions,
and to helping you understand how your accounts and
services work—simply, clearly, and in plain language.
To help customers understand how their accounts and services work so there
are no surprises, we publish Regions Quick Guides® on our website that
summarize various offerings in a clear, easy-to-read format. Quick Guides for
multiple personal checking, personal lending, and small business offerings
are currently available.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
In an effort to better understand our customers, Regions captures concerns and feedback to
identify opportunities to improve our products, services, and processes. Regions’ Customer
Complaint Program is one of our many Voice of the Customer programs and is designed to
consistently record customer complaints to help us measure and enhance our products,
services, processes, and overall customer experience. All associates, regardless of their role,
are trained on the Customer Complaint Program and have access to and are responsible for
recording customer complaints in the Centralized Customer Complaint (CCC) Database. In
addition, we conduct customer surveys and participate in nationally-syndicated studies, using
these insights to measure satisfaction and enhance customer service.
Through the Customer Complaint Program, we can more thoroughly document and address
each individual customer complaint. The Customer Complaint Program also allows us to
identify friction points, emerging trends, and areas for improvement. Key components of the
program include:
A centralized application, the CCC Database, that is used to record customer complaints
and any actions taken to resolve them
A process to ensure every customer complaint is reviewed for timely and thorough
resolution
Root cause analysis that is performed by leadership and subject-matter experts
throughout the Company—analysis is used to identify and address friction points and
enhance our products, services, and customers’ experience
Sales Practices
A company can be successful in a variety of ways, but how it achieves that success is just as
important as the outcome itself. At Regions, our values and our culture serve as the foundation
for how we want to be successful—by listening to our customers, understanding their needs,
and meeting those needs. Placing the customer first ensures that we are furthering their
interests and helping them reach their unique financial goals. This customer-centric culture is
reinforced through a series of communications and controls that help to ensure we work in
our customers’ best interests. Examples include:
Branch incentive plan design: The Consumer Banking Group is committed to
administering an incentive plan that rewards associates whose behaviors promote
organizational growth and sound risk management by utilizing a customer-focused,
needs-based approach. Branch bankers only receive incentives for opening products or
providing services that meet certain customer usage or balance requirements. One
quality metric excludes closing an active account and reopening a new account; another
excludes accounts that close before a predetermined timeframe. All incentive plans are
governed through the Incentive Compensation Oversight Committee.
Retail Integrity Team: Our team proactively monitors sales practices of branch bankers
using data analytics. Potential concerns regarding a failure to adhere to the needs-based
process and/or deviation from the spirit and intent of the incentive plan are escalated to
the Office of Associate Conduct (OAC) for further investigation. The Retail Integrity Team’s
processes continue to evolve as the environment changes.
Routes for protection: Information from our Customer Complaint Program, service
quality survey program, and our internal Report It! Hotline and Report It! website are
among the numerous channels used to help identify potential instances of sales
practices that are not aligned with our needs-based approach. Identified activity is
escalated to the OAC for further investigation and appropriate action.
Training: All branch associates and leaders are required to complete a semiannual
Banker Integrity training that reinforces our needs-based approach to serving and acting
in the best interest of our customers. Completion of this semiannual training is required
for incentive plan participation.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
39
Relationship banking has defined Regions throughout its long history. Today, these
relationships are the focus of Regions360, our commitment to putting customer needs at the
center of every interaction and shaping the way we meet the full range of customer needs as a
team. By taking a deliberate, prescriptive approach to identifying customer needs, our bankers
work as a team to bring customers our best: our best thinking, our best products, and our best
services and solutions. Customers benefit from practical solutions that meet their needs and
are used, and Regions benefits from broadening customer relationships that deliver long-term
quality growth. Regions360 delivers shared value for customers and the Company because we
are doing what is right based on their specific needs and helping them succeed financially by
providing competitive products in a transparent and trustworthy manner.
Today’s customers expect to bank with us whenever, wherever, and however they choose. This
expectation drives the need for us to provide access to traditional banking channels, including
branches, ATMs, and contact centers, as well as electronic banking channels, including online
and mobile applications. While more and more customers prefer to do their routine banking
transactions remotely through digital channels, many still want the option of talking to a
banker at a branch for more complex conversations. Regardless of the channel, our goal is to
ensure that every interaction exemplifies our commitment to focusing on our customers and
exceeding their expectations.
Our bankers bring Regions360 to life every day by:
Starting from a comprehensive understanding of our customers’ financial needs and
goals
Providing practical and balanced solutions to help meet those goals
Introducing team expertise by bringing in the right bank partners to help meet the full
range of customer financial needs with a “one Bank, one team” approach
Offering financial advice, guidance, and education to help customers make better
financial decisions
Regions Greenprint
In 2020, we introduced Regions Greenprint—a dynamic conversation tool that allows
customers to work with bankers to create, track, and meet their financial goals. In 2025,
Regions’ bankers served over 422,000 customers in creating personalized plans that provide
guidance and solutions to help manage their short- and long-term financial goals. With
Regions Greenprint, customers receive:
A personalized experience that aligns with each customer’s specific circumstances
A simple, personalized plan to help achieve identified needs and goals
Recommended solutions that systematically consider all available options based on the
customer's input
For more information on Regions Greenprint, we welcome you to visit
regions.com/personal-banking/greenprint-financial-planning.
Accessibility of Services
Regions is dedicated to accessibility and inclusive service, and we strive to listen to our
customers and educate our associates on the diverse needs and experiences of customers
with disabilities. To support independent banking, we continue to prioritize accessible
products, services, and options across our branches and offices, digital banking platforms,
and ATMs.
For those who choose to bank with us in person, we routinely review our facilities for
accessibility, with close attention to features such as parking spaces, curbs, ramps, doors,
entrances, safe deposit features, lobby areas, and more. All locations are welcoming to service
animals, including guide dogs. We are also committed to delivering an optimized digital
experience, and our public-facing websites and digital banking platforms are designed to
conform to the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.2 Level AA, with ongoing efforts to
maintain and enhance accessibility.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
Our commitment extends across auditory, visual, and communication access. More than 1,700
ATMs offer braille, speech output and voice instruction capabilities, as well as phone jacks for
earphones to support privacy. For customers who are blind or have low vision, Regions offers
braille, large-print, or audio CD bank statements; online PDF statements for savings and
checking accounts; general-purpose reloadable debit cards with text-to-speech functionality;
sight checks printed with raised lines; and assistance upon request with reading, completing,
and submitting forms.
For customers who are deaf or hard of hearing, Regions accepts telecommunications relay
service calls, provides Teletypewriter/Telecommunications Device for the Deaf connectivity
through the Regions Contact Center, and offers sign language interpreter services with
advance notice.
Regions supports customers with
neurodivergent abilities in building
confidence and independence
through MagnusCards, offered in
partnership with Magnusmode. This
intuitive, app-based tool provides
step-by-step audiovisual guidance to
help customers navigate everyday
banking activities—such as using a
debit card, visiting an ATM, and
accessing online services—expanding
access and helping more individuals
engage fully in their financial lives.
Read more about this partnership
here.
Regions’ Autism Awareness Initiative, launched in 2016, focuses on creating environments that
are welcoming and supportive for individuals on the autism spectrum. Through
awareness-building and associate education, we work to foster positive, inclusive experiences
in our facilities. This initiative includes:
Offering sensory packs containing a stress ball, sunglasses, fidget cube, and
noise-canceling earbuds at branches to support customers on the autism spectrum or
others who may experience sensory overload related to noise, lighting, or other
environmental factors
Designating quiet areas within branches that customers and those accompanying them
may use to rest, self-regulate, or regroup as needed
Collaborating with physicians at the University of Alabama at Birmingham and the Autism
Society of Alabama to inform, develop, and continue enhancing this initiative based on
lived experience and clinical insight
Product Lifecycle Governance
Our core values and strategic priorities are conveyed to our customers through the delivery of
products and services across various capabilities and channels. The Risk Management
Framework and its underlying programs support the effective delivery of these products to
customers.
Throughout the lifecycle of any product or service we offer, there are guardrails to help ensure
soundness, quality, and safety. At Regions, our New Initiative Risk Assessment (NIRA) program
is the primary mechanism for assessing risk associated with new or modified initiatives.
Enterprise Risk Management administers the NIRA program, which in turn reports to the NIRA
Committee. This program evaluates new, modified, or expanded products, services, strategic
relationships, and innovative technology projects. In addition to the vetting of initiatives,
subject-matter experts from across the Risk Management Group collaborate with applicable
business units. Once an initiative is approved, it is subject to regular performance monitoring
through established governance structures, including risk management programs and
appropriate risk committees.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
41
Tailoring Our Offerings to
Customers’ Goals
As a financial institution, we understand our role in helping
our customers achieve the strategic objectives they have
identified to manage their unique risks. In addition to their
self-identified risks, Regions actively works to support
clients in identifying and addressing risk-informed
opportunities. Our strategy relies first and foremost on
meeting customers’ needs. This includes offering financing
products and services aimed at supporting customers’ and
clients’ unique transition planning- or investment-related
goals. We are also committed to equipping our associates
with the appropriate awareness and education to
effectively support our customers within a dynamic
marketplace. Ultimately, we believe these efforts provide
long-lasting benefits to customers, clients, employees,
shareholders, and communities by creating positive,
differentiated economic value.
Regions directly supports our customers’ and clients’
development and implementation of clean energy
solutions through multiple avenues, including: our Solar
Tax Equity Finance Team; our Energy and Natural
Resources Group (ENRG); energy-efficient home
improvement lending through Regions Home Improvement
Financing (HIFi); and asset management through the
Natural Resources and Real Estate (NRRE) Group.
The Regions Solar Tax Equity Finance Team provides
lease financing for utility-scale and commercial
photovoltaic (PV) solar projects across the U.S. Since
completing its first transaction in 2016, the team has
funded 98 different projects, worth over $2.6 billion. In
2025, the Solar Tax Equity Finance Team provided nearly
$159.0 million in funding for PV solar projects located
across the country.
The Regions Solar Tax Equity team has financed projects
with an aggregate generation capacity exceeding 1,767
megawatts of direct current power, which in 2025
generated 2,098 gigawatt hours of electricity.
The ENRG specializes in customized financing products
and services for solar/renewable energy companies. In
2025, ENRG closed $419.3 million in solar and battery
energy storage project financings.
forestry operations and practices aimed at protecting water
quality, flora and fauna biodiversity, wildlife habitats,
species at risk, and forests with exceptional conservation
value.
ENRG also served as a co-manager in $2.7 billion of debt
and equity offerings supporting clean water/wastewater
infrastructure and sustainability initiatives.
Regions’ foresters take pride in and are committed to the
sustainable forestry management of our clients’ timberland
assets. The NRRE Group coordinated the planting of
approximately 2.5 million seedlings, which was completed
during the winter of 2025–2026. This achievement
highlights how our teams and associates across the Bank
are contributing to Regions’ commitment to operate in
environmentally sound ways that make life better for all.
Regions HIFi, formerly known as EnerBank, provides
energy-efficient home improvement financing options for
homeowners nationwide. Utilizing industry-leading pointof-sale capabilities, HIFi financed $191.2 million in energyefficient consumer home improvement projects in 2025.
Projects ranged from high-efficiency HVAC systems and
solar panel installations to new window and door
installations that provide homeowners improved
efficiencies.
Regions also provides opportunities to serve sustainabilityminded clients through asset management products and
services, including those offered by the NRRE Group. The
NRRE Group consists of 36 natural resource professionals
who are responsible for prudently managing real assets
owned by our banking and trust clients. Fourteen of these
professionals are foresters responsible for the sustainable
management of our clients’ timberland located across
Regions’ footprint. Regions manages every acre of
timberland in accordance with state-by-state Forestry Best
Management Practices (BMPs). Regions’ forestry
management efforts leverage these BMPs to benefit water
quality, carbon sequestration, and wildlife habitat.
In addition to BMP management, a portion of the
timberland managed by Regions’ foresters are certified
under the Sustainable Forestry Initiative 2022 Forest
Management Standard or the American Tree Farm System
2021 Standards of Sustainability for Forest Certification.
Both third-party certification systems promote sustainable
Tailored Products
Over $2.6
billion
total solar lease projects since 2016
$578.3
million
total solar project financing provided by
the Solar Tax Equity Finance and ENRG
teams in 2025
$191.2
million
total HIFi financing in energy-efficient
consumer home improvement projects in
2025
Over 2.5
seedlings planted by Regions’ natural
resource professionals in winter 2025–
2026
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
42
We believe that investing in a culture where every
associate has an opportunity to do impactful work is
critical to delivering exceptional business performance. By
prioritizing the wellbeing, development, and engagement
of our associates, we’re building a stronger culture and
driving sustainable performance—because when our
associates thrive, so does our business.
Regions’ Culture
44
Build the Best Team
47
Empower to Connect
49
Empower to Belong
50
Empower to Grow
54
Empower to Achieve
57
Empower to Thrive
59
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
43
Ethics and Integrity
We appreciate the importance of abiding by the laws, regulations, and policies governing our
industry and our company, and we further value our relationships with associates, customers,
vendors, and the communities where we work and live. In every interaction, Regions must be
regarded as trustworthy, honest, and fair. Accordingly, we maintain a Code of Conduct
outlining what is expected of each of our associates in maintaining trust with each other and
among those we serve. The Code of Conduct is designed to identify resources and provide
guidance to help ensure, among other matters, that:
Regions and its associates remain in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
Regions is a safe and nondiscriminatory place to work and conduct business.
Confidential and proprietary information is protected.
Inappropriate gifts or favors are not accepted or given.
Conflicts of interest are avoided.
OVERSIGHT AND ADMINISTRATION
The Code of Conduct is administered by the HR Department, in conjunction with the Legal
Department, and the Chief Administrative and Human Resources Officer and Associate
Conduct Officer are responsible for interpreting and applying the Code of Conduct. The
Board’s CHR Committee oversees the Code of Conduct, approving substantive revisions, and
receives periodic reports on the overall status of Regions’ ethics objectives.
Allegations of associate misconduct are investigated by the OAC, with assistance from other
business units as appropriate. The OAC serves as the daily oversight function for all matters
involving associate misconduct. The OAC provides balanced consultation and effective
solutions on associate conduct matters, and the cross-functional Associate Conduct
Roundtable monitors complaints, trends, and emerging issues. Investigations protect
confidentiality to the extent possible, and remedial action is taken when appropriate.
Our executive-level Ethics Council is responsible for enforcing Regions’ standards of conduct
and considering all potential violations of the Code of Conduct that could have a material
effect on Regions, including matters alleging violations of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission reporting violations, internal insider trading policy
violations, and matters involving significant Code of Conduct violations by executive-level
associates. The Council meets on a quarterly basis, or more frequently if necessary, and
reports to the CHR Committee.
COMPLIANCE TRAINING
Regions strives to remain a leader in the banking industry, and for us, leadership and learning
go hand in hand. Continuing education is a critical component of our culture, so we provide
our associates with targeted educational opportunities to better understand the business of
banking; the risks Regions faces; and our responsibilities to protect our customers and comply
with laws and regulations.
In addition to job-specific training, we require that associates complete enterprise-wide
Compliance Training Courses. These courses are required for associates based on their
business units, roles, and functions. All of Regions’ online Compliance Training Courses are
reviewed and updated as necessary in response to regulatory changes, industry events, and
evolving risks. Completion of these training courses is a condition of continued employment at
Regions; new hires must complete this training within 30 calendar days of their start date, and
then again annually.
The following Compliance Training Course descriptions highlight the major topics covered in
these courses, which every Regions associate is required to complete:
Business Conduct and Ethics emphasizes every associate’s responsibility and accountability
in the areas of conflicts of interest, insider trading/insider information, incentive program
ethics, fair and consistent treatment, and discrimination and harassment prevention.
Associates are also required to certify that they have read and understand the Code of
Conduct and the General Policy on Insider Trading.
Fair and Responsible Banking explains the importance of providing Regions’ customers with
a fair and responsible banking experience. Associates are provided with the tools to identify
and apply key aspects of fair and responsible banking regulations and policies and to
understand how they apply to Regions and our customers. This course also provides
guidelines for avoiding discrimination and UDAAP activities, and for properly reporting
customer complaints through the CCC Database.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
Fundamentals of Risk Management reinforces how
sound risk management affects our ability to best serve our
customers and protect Regions. This course explains the
three lines of defense concept, the importance of a strong
risk culture, and how shared value helps build and support
that culture.
Financial Crimes: BSA/AML and OFAC covers the purpose
of the BSA, the USA PATRIOT Act, and Customer Due
Diligence requirements as they relate to recognizing,
reporting, and reducing money laundering and other
financial crimes. In addition, this course covers OFAC’s
requirements, how to comply with OFAC, and Regions’
OFAC compliance strategy.
Cybersecurity provides associates with training and
information on Regions’ IS Program and expectations,
covering topics such as user identification and password
security, endpoint and system usage, email and internet
security, remote access, social engineering awareness, and
information handling, with content updated as appropriate
to address evolving cybersecurity risks.
Privacy explains Regions' Privacy Pledge and when to
provide it to our customers, as well as associates’
responsibilities related to customer privacy and
preferences, which include how and when we
communicate with customers. In addition, this course
discusses the red flags for potential identity theft and
appropriate associate responses.
Regions was recognized as a 2025 Top
Bank by Reputation by American
Shared Banker, reflecting the strength of our
stakeholder engagement and
Value in commitment to transparency and
Action governance.
ANTI-BRIBERY AND ANTICORRUPTION
Regions prohibits associates from engaging in bribery or
corruption of any type. Our Code of Conduct sets forth
restrictions on gifts and other items of value and provides
guidance to assist associates in determining whether giving
or receiving a gift or other item of value is appropriate.
Our ABAC Policy, which incorporates the guidance
contained in our Code of Conduct, requires associates to
conduct business activities in an honest and ethical
manner and establishes a zero-tolerance approach to
bribery and corruption. Regions also has an ABAC Officer,
who operates within the Financial Crimes Risk
Management Department.
Our associates are required to comply fully with all
applicable ABAC laws, including the Bank Bribery Act, the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the Foreign Extortion
Prevention Act, and all federal, state, and local laws
regarding the provision of gifts and/or other items of value
to government officials. Associates who are offered a gift or
other item of value that would result in a violation of the
law and/or Regions’ policies are required to immediately
report the incident to the Ethics Program Manager.
PROTECTION FROM RETALIATION
Regions considers retaliation to be a serious violation of
the Company’s values and the Code of Conduct. Regions
prohibits retaliation of any kind for good-faith reports of
alleged ethical violations or unlawful or illegal conduct.
Regions’ No Retaliation Policy is set forth in the Code of
Conduct, as well as in other Company policies, rules, and
standards.
We want associates to be comfortable reporting potential
Code of Conduct and other policy violations, and we
protect the confidentiality of complaints we receive to the
extent possible. When complaints regarding associates are
reported, the OAC is notified so that potential retaliation
and all other associate misconduct complaints are
investigated promptly and, if appropriate, remedial action
is taken. Oversight by the OAC helps ensure that our
preventive measures, complaint handling, and resolution
efforts are effective. Complaints alleging retaliation by an
executive-level officer are immediately referred to Regions’
Ethics Council.
Whistleblower Protections
Regions encourages and expects all associates to voice
ethical concerns about matters such as accounting,
internal controls, auditing, discrimination, and harassment;
to report violations or suspected violations of laws or
regulations, the Code of Conduct, or other Regions policies
or procedures; and to report potentially unlawful or illegal
conduct by customers, associates, or vendors.
Reporting Channels
Calling the Report It! hotline 24 hours a day, 7 days a
week for confidential, anonymous reporting (third
party-administered)
Submitting a confidential, anonymous report anytime
via the Report It! website (third party-administered)
Submitting a Raise the Red Flag form online, which
allows associates to immediately refer matters to
internal investigators before contacting their manager
Contacting our HR Connect team via phone or by using
the HR Connect Help Request in Workday
Directly calling the OAC or Ethics Program Manager
Mailing a letter to the OAC
We also recognize the important role our customers can
play in ensuring we are meeting the obligations of our Code
of Conduct. The Regions Customer Complaint Program is
used to identify opportunities to enhance our products,
services, and the customer experience. This enterprise-wide
Read more about this recognition here.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
45
program helps us ensure that each individual customer
complaint is addressed in a timely manner, and it also
allows us to identify complaint trends and areas for
improvement. For more on our Customer Complaint
Program, see the Fair and Responsible Banking section of
this report.
ANTICOMPETITIVE BEHAVIOR
Antitrust laws prohibit agreements among competitors to
restrict competition. Regions strictly prohibits associates
from conspiring with any of Regions’ competitors to fix
prices, allocate markets and customers, or refuse to deal
with particular suppliers or customers. When in contact
with Regions’ competitors, associates must avoid
discussing how Regions conducts its business.
DOING WHAT’S RIGHT
At Regions, “do what is right” is not just a
platitude; it is at the heart of all we do. We
believe that our actions have yielded positive
results in the form of a culture that reflects
our values, and we will continue to review
our processes and policies to ensure their
effectiveness in reinforcing that culture.
WORKPLACE SAFETY AND SECURITY
Regions is committed to providing a safe and secure work environment in accordance with
applicable employment, safety, health, anti-discrimination, and other workplace laws.
Furthermore, we have the following standards that are accessible to all associates and provide
instructions and guidance on workplace safety and/or workplace violence issues:
Workplace Abusive Conduct Prevention Standard
Threatening Conduct, Workplace Violence, and Prohibition of Weapons Standard
Safety at Work Standard
Our well-established workplace safety and security procedures and protocols help to provide
a governance framework for associate and customer safety, including but not limited to
worksite opening and closing procedures, restricted access, weather monitoring,
comprehensive security monitoring, and an extensive facilities maintenance and work order
management system. Both the Regions Corporate Security Department and the Corporate
Real Estate Group serve integral roles in maintaining a safe and secure working environment.
Corporate Security oversees annual inspections of our branch facilities for any security needs
or enhancements, including after-hours depository reviews and assessments of incidents at
Regions ATMs. Regions has security investigators throughout the footprint who, in addition to
their scheduled branch assessments, are able to provide advice on both emergency and nonemergency safety issues.
Annual exterior lighting inspections are conducted to
provide well-lit areas around ATMs and night deposit boxes,
and mitigation actions are taken where light levels do not
meet our corporate standards.
Any reports of workplace safety issues or workplace violence threats are promptly investigated
by Corporate Security and the OAC.
We use a rapid notification system named Regions Alert, which allows leadership to quickly
and efficiently send direct messages to targeted groups of associates. Regions Alert is used to
communicate during business disruptions, such as severe weather, system outages, or
security threats.
On an annual basis, Regions associates are required to complete training, which focuses on
best practices in active aggressor situations. The training takes associates through real-world
scenarios to advise them on how to react to an active aggressor based on their circumstances.
In addition to this mandatory training, associates who are assigned to work in a branch
environment are required to complete an additional annual training on branch security.
The Corporate Real Estate Group works closely with our branches and third-party vendors to
help ensure all of Regions’ locations are not only clean and functioning, but are also safe for
associates. This group also inspects Regions’ facilities throughout the year for any workplace
hazards, including potential life
safety and personal liability risks, as
a part of the Corporate Real Estate
Risk Mitigation Program. Examples
of issues that may arise include slip/
fall hazards, trip hazards, and
property damage. After a potential
risk is identified, documentation is
collected and a plan for resolution is
created.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
46
The phrase “Build the Best Team” has been a central part of the Regions culture and one of our enduring strategic priorities since 2012. Initially, Build the Best Team was strongly tied to our annually
assessed Associate Engagement and StrengthsFinder programs. However, as our organization has matured, we have broadened Build the Best Team to include a wider range of processes, programs,
experiences, and meaningful moments throughout the full associate lifecycle. Programs under Build the Best Team are designed to empower our associates to connect, belong, grow, achieve, and
thrive during their time with Regions.
Build the Best Team requires more than words. It requires intentionality and action. It is at the core of how we empower our greatest company asset, our people. We remain committed to providing
managers and associates with the resources needed to succeed and to building a culture where everyone can thrive.
To ensure we are achieving these objectives, we regularly evaluate our progress by leveraging our partnership with Gallup® to conduct an anonymous annual assessment designed to measure the
engagement, culture, and wellbeing of our workforce. Through this survey, associates answer questions on how they feel about key factors in their workplace experience, including their manager, their
team, inclusion and belonging, and wellbeing. This allows us to hear the voice of our associates, track progress year over year, and implement strategies for continuous improvement.
We know that engagement and inclusion are closely linked, and can positively impact associates’ feelings of belonging, wellbeing, and performance. Our goal is to ensure that every Regions associate
is empowered and confident in bringing their full self to work every day.
<1%
<1%
2%
7%
85
2%
48
55
3%
79
112%
10% 194
6%
97
34%
184
<1% 9
8%
117
3% 6
1%
18
13%
270
Retail Branch Footprint
Specialized Lending Nationwide
% of total Regions associates
based in the state
Branch location count
The remaining Regions associates are
dispersed across other U.S. states.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
A Message from Our Chief People Officer
“
At Regions, our mission to make life better starts with our people. Every day, our associates bring
dedication, expertise, and care to the customers and communities we serve, and it is our responsibility
to create an environment where they can do their best and most impactful work.
Our people strategy is grounded in a clear belief: when associates feel supported, empowered, and
connected to meaningful work, they perform at their highest potential. We are focused on building a
culture that enables every individual to contribute, grow, and make a difference.
This begins with strong foundations. We are equipping our leaders with the skills and tools to develop
high-performing teams, foster trust, and create clarity. Through continued investment in leadership
development and manager excellence, we are strengthening the everyday experiences that shape how
work gets done and how success is achieved.
We are also committed to delivering a consistent and engaging associate experience that supports
wellbeing, encourages career mobility, and recognizes performance. By creating opportunities for
growth and providing the right resources at the right time, we help our associates build meaningful
careers while driving strong results for our business.
Looking ahead, preparing our workforce for the future remains a top priority. We are expanding learning
and development, enhancing how we identify and grow talent, and equipping associates with the skills,
mindset, and tools needed to succeed in a rapidly evolving environment. This includes embracing new
technologies thoughtfully and responsibly, ensuring our people are confident and ready for what comes
next.
Across all of our efforts, we are focused on creating an environment where associates can do impactful
work. One where they are empowered to perform, adapt, and grow alongside our business. These
efforts strengthen our ability to serve our customers and communities while building long-term value.
I am incredibly proud of the progress we are making and excited about the future ahead. By continuing
to invest in our people and evolve how we work, we are building a culture that supports performance,
opportunity, and meaningful impact for every associate, every day.
—Angela Santone
Chief People Officer
IMPACTS OF AI ON OUR WORKFORCE
AI continues to reshape how organizations operate,
innovate, and serve their customers. At Regions, we
recognize both the opportunities and responsibilities that
accompany this technological shift. Our approach centers
on ensuring our people remain equipped, supported, and
empowered as new capabilities transform the way we work.
Throughout 2025, Regions thoughtfully integrated
AI-enhanced tools into several core HR processes. These
additions are designed to improve efficiency, enhance
decision quality, and create more consistent, streamlined
experiences for associates and leaders. Just as importantly,
we are ensuring that each integration aligns with our values
and responsible use commitments.
Looking ahead to 2026, we are establishing a Workforce
Planning and Readiness function dedicated to anticipating
and addressing the changing skills and roles emerging
across the enterprise. This team will help Regions
proactively align talent with evolving business needs and
support long-term workforce sustainability as new
technologies continue to emerge.
We also understand that people are at the center of
successful transformation. Regions provides robust learning
pathways and development opportunities to help associates
build new technical, analytical, and leadership capabilities.
These programs—paired with ongoing change management
support—ensure our teams remain confident, prepared, and
knowledgeable as tools and processes evolve.
By combining thoughtful planning, responsible innovation,
and meaningful investment in our people, Regions is taking
deliberate steps to build a workforce that is ready for the
future while staying true to our commitment to customers,
communities, and long-term value creation.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
48
Source, Hire, and Retain the Best
Regions’ centralized Talent Acquisition team strives to identify and implement innovative
talent solutions that support an inclusive and engaged workforce. Our associates are a key
element of our success, and we seek to recruit talent who share our values and mission to
make life better. We offer performance-driven individuals a place where they can build a
career—a place where they can expect more opportunities.
Internships at Regions are hosted through the Emerging Talent Program and are hired through
the University Recruiting Team’s Talent Acquisition process. Our hiring process for interns is
required to follow these established guidelines unless approval and funding are obtained from
the Senior Leader of the Business Unit, the HR Business Partner, and Talent Acquisition
leadership. At Regions, the Emerging Talent Program is a career development program
designed to refine technical knowledge, enhance personal talents, encourage collaboration
and networking, and demonstrate Regions’ values. Entry into the Emerging Talent Program is
through either an internship or a full-time, line-of-business development program.
In 2025, our Emerging Talent Program demonstrated
strong pipeline development and conversion outcomes:
Number of interns in 2025: 110
Emerging Talent Program participants hired into full-time roles in 2025: 54
Percentage of full-time Emerging Talent Program hires in 2025 who previously
participated in the internship program: 67%
Learn more about our Emerging Talent Program here.
We are continuing to capitalize on our investment in our Talent Experience Platform by adding
new functionality. Phase V of this transformation, which focused on implementing an
upgraded, all-in-one career site platform to deliver an exceptional candidate experience that
elevates how we attract, engage, and convert top talent, was completed in 2025.
For the third year in a row, Regions was recognized by our vendor as finalist for a Talent
Experience Award (Talent Acquisition Team of the Year & Top Talent Experience). These
awards recognize how we achieved outstanding success in recruiting top talent by
demonstrating excellence in strategy, execution, and collaboration to meet organizational
hiring goals. In addition, Regions was ranked #1 overall among Fortune 500 companies and #1
in the Financial Services Industry on the 2025 State of Candidate Experience Benchmark
Report.
In addition to attracting top talent, we are committed to recognizing and retaining our
associates through a formal milestone anniversary recognition program that celebrates their
commitment to service. Associates celebrating service anniversaries receive a choice of a
commemorative lapel pin or pendant in recognition of their tenure.
Milestone anniversaries begin at five years of service and continue in five-year increments.
Anniversaries are formally recognized each year during Evergreen Week, Regions’ annual
associate appreciation celebration, which reinforces a culture of recognition, engagement,
and long-term career growth.
This program is inclusive of eligible associates across the organization and reflects Regions’
commitment to valuing associate loyalty and experience. By celebrating long-term service,
Regions supports associate retention, workplace morale, opportunities for career growth, and
a culture that honors meaningful career milestones. In 2025, we recognized 2,208 associates
through the Service Anniversary Program. Additionally, in 2025, 36.3% of open positions were
filled by existing associates, reflecting our enterprise-wide commitment to developing talent
from within.
Employee Tenure
11,259
5,285
2,492
1,237
associates with
0–5 years of
service
associates with
6–15 years of
service
16–25 years of
more than
25 years of
8 YEARS
36%
of associate service on average
of open positions filled internally
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
At Regions, we recognize that an inclusive workforce is essential to achieving and maintaining a thriving company. We understand that people perform their best work when they can be authentic.
More importantly, we believe that creating a workplace where everyone, regardless of background, can do their best work is the right thing to do. Regions has made a commitment to enrich education
and foster opportunities that extend across a wide spectrum of colleges and universities, each serving communities with distinct needs and aspirations. We proudly support institutions that are
dedicated to providing exceptional educational experiences, ensuring that every student, regardless of background, has the tools and resources necessary to succeed. This approach allows us to
contribute meaningfully to the development of future leaders across various sectors and communities.
We work closely with community organizations in our footprint to present job readiness programs, mock interview sessions, and resume-building workshops in an effort to support our communities
while attracting new talent to Regions. In addition to our work with community organizations and educational initiatives, Regions is committed to employing U.S. military veterans and active service
members who are seeking opportunities in the financial services industry. We engage with this group of talent through military-focused career programs, fellowships, and on-base recruiting. Regions
was recognized as a 2025 Military Friendly® Employer, highlighting the bank’s steadfast commitment to advancing career opportunities for veterans, service members, and military spouses. We are
equally committed to supporting employment for individuals with disabilities. Regions received a score of 90 on the 2025 Disability Equality Index, the leading nonprofit resource for business disability
inclusion worldwide, and was recognized as one of the 2025 Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion.
Inclusion, Belonging, and Impact
MAKE LIFE BETTER. STAND OUT. STAND TOGETHER.
What is Inclusion, Belonging, and Impact at Regions? At Regions, we recognize that an inclusive workforce is essential to achieving and maintaining a thriving company.
Inclusion
We are a place where all are welcome. We leverage the experiences, knowledge, unique strengths, and talents of our
associates. This enables us to deliver the highest-quality financial services for our customers and provide valuable
support to our banking communities.
Belonging
We provide a collaborative work environment. Associates can confidently share perspectives and experiences to help
us better identify with and support the vast needs of our customers and stakeholders. Through this collaboration, we
recognize where banking and financial services can benefit more people throughout the markets we serve.
Impact
We connect with, serve alongside, and learn from each other. Internally, this supports our strong workplace culture.
Externally, this is seen through the lens of our community volunteerism. And, together, this enables us to operate more
effectively as a business while having a positive impact in our markets and communities.
“
Creating an environment where people feel respected, heard,
and encouraged to collaborate strengthens how we work
together. That engagement and connection enable our
associates to do impactful work and deliver greater value for
our customers and communities.
—Clara Green
Head of Inclusion, Belonging, and Impact
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
Our commitment to Inclusion and Belonging starts with our Board, with oversight of our initiatives provided by the Board’s CHR Committee. We believe that our intentional focus on inclusion has
made Regions a stronger organization. Regions has three Inclusion, Belonging, and Impact Focus Areas—Workforce, Workplace, and Marketplace. These areas of focus help align our strategic
priorities in a manner that associates can easily understand and better connect to the work they do every day.
Workforce:
View inclusion as a competitive
advantage that enhances business
performance and generates
innovative solutions by fostering
a broader range of perspectives
and ideas
Workplace:
Create and maintain a work
environment that is inclusive and
where associates are encouraged
to collaborate across differences
Marketplace:
Leverage inclusion and belonging
as shared values to deepen our
connections with communities,
clients, customers, and external
stakeholders
Through the Knoxville Impact Network Workforce Subcommittee, we participate in local career fairs to introduce Regions to local
talent and strengthen community ties. We also host internal events for associates focused on continuous learning and foster a
culture that encourages innovation, builds trust, and supports long-term success.
—Angel Tapia
Commercial Relationship Manager, Knoxville, TN
Knoxville Impact Network Chair
Across our Workplace, inclusion is how we invite everyone’s voice to be heard, belonging is how we strengthen connection and
help each person feel valued, and together we create an impact that truly matters. Whether through book clubs centered on
developing strong leaders or celebrating cultural and wellbeing observances like Diwali and Lunar New Year with associates, all of
our Impact Networks are proud to support a culture where all can belong and thrive.
—Shonda Duffey
Regions Business Capital Customer Service/Operations Manager, Atlanta, GA
Atlanta Impact Network Chair
The Utah Impact Network has expanded significantly over the past 18 months, creating meaningful opportunities across Utah
County. Our efforts have supported the homeless community through meal service, assisted the Utah Food Bank with food
storage, and partnered with organizations to teach financial literacy and workplace skills. As the Utah marketplace grows, our
team’s engagement and unity have strengthened. Notably, the Food and Care Coalition ranked among the top five volunteer
opportunities in the Utah Network last year. With new partnerships forming with community organizations, our impact continues
to grow.
—Travis Jones
Home Improvement Financing Lending Manager, Provo, UT
Utah Impact Network Marketplace Subcommittee Chair
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
51
OUR INCLUSION AND BELONGING JOURNEY
COMMITMENTS IN OUR MARKETPLACE
Regions’ Inclusion and Belonging journey continues to emphasize conceptual clarity—where
we are confident every associate understands our strategic priorities and our vision. Key
milestones in 2025 include:
Our commitment to Inclusion and Belonging is demonstrated through the recognition we
have received and the external partnerships we have formed. Key highlights for 2025 include:
Sustaining 21 Regions Impact Networks (explained below) in markets that represent
approximately 71% of our associate population
Continuing to increase rates of associate self-identification, which aligns with building a
culture of trust
Hosting the sixth annual Week of Understanding, a dedicated time for facilitating leaderled conversations on a predetermined, enterprise-wide inclusion topic
CULTIVATING A WORKPLACE WHERE ALL CAN BELONG AND
THRIVE
The Regions Impact Networks are voluntary, associate-led groups established to help build
deeper connections, greater understanding, and a stronger sense of belonging among
associates. They are organized around the Regions market structure, which represents
approximately 71% of our associate population.
By organizing the Impact Networks geographically, the Company can bring together more
associates. Regions currently has 21 Regions Impact Networks across its footprint. With 3,334
total members and 228 associates serving in Network leadership roles, our Impact Networks
hosted 162 events supporting inclusion and belonging. Impact Network members achieved
61,137 volunteer hours, which is 44% of Regions’ total associate volunteer hours.
At Regions, we believe in offering a workplace where all
can succeed. Through professional opportunities and
support, Regions associates from all backgrounds have a
place to belong—and grow. And we want those who work
for us to invest in and build rewarding, long-term careers
at Regions.
Read more about our workplace here.
Regions received a score of 90 on the 2025 Disability Equality Index.
The Index is the leading nonprofit resource for business disability
inclusion worldwide. This Index is a joint initiative of the American
Association of People with Disabilities and Disability:IN, and is a
comprehensive benchmarking tool that helps companies build a
roadmap of measurable actions to achieve disability inclusion and
equality.
Regions was recognized as a 2025 Military Friendly Employer by
Military Friendly, an organization that measures the commitment of
companies to create professional opportunities that leverage military
experience.
The Military Spouse Employment Partnership (MSEP) is a U.S.
Department of Defense career program connecting military spouses
with hundreds of partner employers who commit to recruit, hire,
promote, and retain military spouses. Regions was inducted into the
partnership in 2020, becoming one of more than 500 corporate
members, and has continued this partnership in 2025. The MSEP
helps military spouses find employment to achieve their career goals
despite the challenges of frequent relocation.
DISABILITY INCLUSION, SERVICES, AND OUTREACH
In 2025, we continued to provide associates with the opportunity to self-identify as having a
disability. To foster a more inclusive workplace and support a culture of belonging, we
recognize National Disability Employment Awareness Month each year as part of our inclusion
observances by hosting a series of educational and awareness-building events.
Our disability-related efforts extend beyond associates to customers and the communities we
serve. Regions has a dedicated Disability Services and Outreach Manager who leads our
external and internal outreach efforts by building relationships with accessibility advocates,
staying attuned to emerging needs and concerns, and partnering closely with internal teams
to address those concerns and support accessible banking experiences. This commitment
includes raising awareness about a broad range of disabilities, including autism, and creating
welcoming, supportive branch environments designed to meet diverse access and sensory
needs, as well as investments in programs that support independent living, job readiness, and
access to employment opportunities.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
52
SUPPORTING MILITARY SERVICE MEMBERS AND VETERANS
We understand U.S. service members face unique challenges that can make managing
finances more complicated. Regions seeks to serve members of the U.S. military and their
families by providing targeted financial guidance and education. We provide financial support,
job readiness training, and opportunities to promote entrepreneurial activities within this
population. Regions also has a dedicated Service Members and Veterans Affairs Manager
whose relationships within the military community help maintain open lines of
communication among Regions, service members, and veterans’ groups.
Our BRAVE program, or Building Regions Associate Veterans
Experience, helps transitioning military service members build
successful careers at Regions by matching their talents and
experience to job postings that best fit their career goals and
interests while also providing support for the challenges they
may face. BRAVE program benefits include:
Hiring, onboarding, and training support
Resources to help ease the transition, including Wellbeing resources, military leave, and
accommodations for disabled veterans
Community engagement opportunities through Regions Impact Networks
An updated Military Careers Page, which includes a Military Skills Translator, a tool that
matches potential job candidates with open opportunities at Regions based on their
Military occupation code
Regions’ commitment to supporting veterans, service members, and
military spouses is reflected through programs like BRAVE and
partnerships supporting career pathways and long-term success. These
efforts help connect military experience to meaningful opportunities at
Regions.
Learn more about these efforts and related recognition here.
Regions’ support for service members, veterans, and their families also extends to our
customers as well as the members of the communities where we live and work. For more
information about how we support these customers, please see the Financial Inclusion
section within this report. You can also learn more about our community support efforts in the
Supporting Inclusion Through Community Outreach section.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
53
Investing Broadly in the
Development and
Success of Associates,
Leaders, and Teams
Regions’ talent management programs strive
to empower all associates to grow by
providing the tools and resources for
associates to own their careers and
development, broadening access to growth
opportunities, and continuously improving
technologies and initiatives to develop and
deploy talent to fulfill our highest business
needs. We offer a range of solutions to help
associates find the best roles for each step of
their careers, while building talent pipelines
and associate skills to meet the future
demands of our business. Regions employs a
consistent and continuous approach to talent
identification, assessment, and development.
We believe our associates are our most
critical and valuable asset, and as such,
should be continuously invested in to help
maximize their potential. We guide managers
in identifying events and actions throughout
the year that are appropriate for setting
expectations, assessing performance,
engaging in impactful conversations, and
providing productive feedback.
In 2025, 36.3% of open positions
were filled with internal candidates.
Engaging in talent assessments and reviews
regularly throughout the year provides
frequent opportunities for managers and
executives to discuss and align efforts to
support talent within the organization. Each
business unit focuses talent discussions and
reviews on the current and prospective needs
of the business and associates.
In 2025, we expanded our Annual Talent
Planning process to additional levels within
the enterprise. This expansion further ensures
that we are planning our talent pipeline deep
enough for our future talent needs and
includes nearly all management positions.
Our process consists of three phases: Talent
Assessment, Talent Review, and Development
Planning. Each of the three phases builds on
the prior, resulting in the insights needed to
intentionally connect talent to development
and succession plans. Hosting a structured
process simultaneously across all businesses
allows us to:
Gather comprehensive and accurate
talent data
Assess and calibrate talent potential
Drive strategic, forward-looking, and
action-oriented talent conversations
Align and update critical succession
plans
Identify developmental opportunities for
successors and high potentials
Optimize our investments in people,
ensuring our most critical roles are filled
by the right talent with the right
capabilities at the right time
Succession planning happens on an ongoing
basis throughout the year to ensure that
succession and development plans are
maintained and talent is being prepared to
assume and perform in critical roles as
needed. Succession plans that match our
most capable and ready talent to our most
critical positions allow us to prioritize
resources and effort into generating the
greatest return for associates, the
organization, and shareholders.
In order to best evaluate and support talent
decisions and internal mobility, Regions uses
technology to assist managers and HR in
routinely assessing associate performance,
behaviors, competencies, and skills, while
associates regularly update their career
interests, mobility preferences, prior
experience, training, education, and
certifications. To better support associates
interested in exploring internal career moves
and opportunities, our technology systems
are integrated and leverage data to offer
career path guidance and resources, develop
the skills needed, and recommend jobs
through our internal career site and
campaigns. We continue to launch and
enhance resources to help associates
understand how to navigate these systems.
One of our guided processes is the Associate
Career Check-In. As part of the annual
Performance Management cycle, during the
Spring Check-In, managers and associates at
all levels are encouraged to dedicate time to
discussing their career goals. Associates are
empowered to own their own careers by
providing updated information about their
experience, career interests, and skills before
having a career conversation with their
manager. These career conversations provide
an opportunity to build collaborative
development plans toward an associate’s
career goals.
Learning and Development in 2025
564,735
total training hours completed, including:
199,923
238,343
126,469
hours of
compliance
training
hours of
new hire
training
professional
development
$1,028
average
amount
invested per
full-time
equivalent
associate
All figures as of December 31, 2025
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
REGIONSLEADS CORNERSTONES OF LEADERSHIP:
LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT FOR ALL
Regions believes every associate can be a leader. Our strong leadership competency
framework, RegionsLEADS Cornerstones of Leadership, offers a unique and innovative way to
show every associate how to effectively lead from any position, in any business unit, in
everything they do. It provides a common language across the organization, focuses on
building and deepening associate leadership skills, aligns future leadership program
elements, and shapes the overall strategy for leadership development at Regions.
As part of the 2025 RegionsLEADS in Action
speaker series, Guild CEO Bijal Shah shared
leadership lessons on purpose, resilience
and growth with Regions Bank associates.
Read more about this story here.
RegionsLEADS Cornerstones:
Leads with Vision and Purpose
Empowers Transformative Change
Acts with Integrity
Develops Self and Others
Strengthens Performance Results
Regions expanded the enterprise-wide RegionsLEADS in Action learning series by increasing
content frequency, introducing speaker events and workshops, and extending its reach to
additional markets. The series provides concise, actionable guidance on essential skills such
as building trust, soliciting feedback, driving incremental improvements, and celebrating
success. Additionally, Regions enhanced the New Manager Experience that supports newly
hired managers through a blend of facilitated workshops and self-paced training, accelerating
readiness and reinforcing foundational leadership capabilities.
To further extend learning impact, Regions developed in-market experiences through custom
workshops in select markets, providing localized, high-impact opportunities that broaden
reach and enhance capability building. Beyond leadership development, Regions remains
committed to building a skilled and resilient workforce through targeted training and
upskilling initiatives, ensuring associates have access to continuous learning that is aligned
with emerging technologies and evolving business needs.
PREPARING FOR A CHANGING WORK ENVIRONMENT
Automation, cognitive technologies, and the open talent economy are reshaping the future of
work. While we recognize the importance of technology to enrich the customer experience, we
believe our associates remain our greatest competitive advantage and provide unmatched
support to our customers. For these reasons, we continue investing in our associates so that
they are empowered with the best skills and tools, including digital technologies, to more
efficiently and effectively meet customers’ needs.
We commit to preparing our workforce for a rapidly changing environment and understand
that reskilling and upskilling are crucial to staying competitive and retaining valued
associates. To support this need, Regions leverages Degreed—a customized learning
experience platform that provides the tools to measure, build, and communicate skills across
the organization. Through Degreed, associates completed 66,764 hours of training, reinforcing
our commitment to continuous learning at scale. This tool is designed to empower associates
to drive their careers through associate-led personalization of learning plans based on their
roles and interests. Degreed provides a wide variety of learning experiences, including articles,
podcasts, online training, online coursework, and peer-to-peer interactions that create an
inclusive, robust learning experience.
At an organizational level, Degreed provides the ability to inventory associates’ skills and
target development efforts toward specific areas where elevated skills are needed now and in
the future. Regions leverages a combination of internally developed Regions-specific learning
assets along with content developed and curated by key subject matter experts throughout
the organization.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
55
Additionally, strategic relationships with training vendors such as Harvard Business Publishing
and SS&C Technologies offer more learning opportunities across a wide variety of subjects.
Recognizing the importance of technology, we engaged Pluralsight and other specialized
technology training vendors to provide on-demand courses that offer intensive learning in
application development, information technology operations, information security, and
technology architecture.
In 2025, the organization began expanding access to AI tools, including Microsoft Copilot. To
support this growth, Regions established a structured approach to ensure AI adoption aligned
with business priorities, enabled meaningful use cases, upheld strong risk and compliance
standards, and prepared associates for effective use. This approach helped strengthen
workforce readiness, clarify guardrails, and promote the responsible use of AI tools in
day-to-day work.
Recognizing that AI readiness is fundamentally about people readiness, Regions launched a
suite of Copilot instructor-led trainings that reached more than 1,200 completions and
strengthened associate confidence and adoption. Looking ahead, Regions will continue to
refine the framework as capabilities and use cases expand, build on development
opportunities for associates, and emphasize effective and responsible AI use across the
enterprise.
SUSTAINING EXCELLENCE IN AWARD-WINNING NEW-HIRE
DEVELOPMENT
In a rapidly changing financial services environment, Regions continues to set the standard for
how new associates are prepared to serve customers with confidence and care. The
redesigned new-hire training programs strike a deliberate balance between structure and
flexibility while being grounded in how adults learn best in a dynamic, high-performance
environment. This intentional approach ensures new hires are not only compliant and
knowledgeable, but also confident and customer-ready.
The results reflect the strength of this approach. Regions’ new-hire programs continue to earn
year-over-year recognition, including five Gold Brandon Hall Group™ HCM Excellence Awards®,
for excellence in learning strategy, design, and delivery. These honors reflect not a one-time
transformation, but a sustained commitment to continuous improvement and innovation.
TUITION ASSISTANCE
Through the continued partnership with Guild®,
Regions provides tuition assistance to eligible
associates pursuing undergraduate degree programs
within a curated learning marketplace. Program
availability is determined by business need, with
the goal of connecting talented associates with skills
needed across the Company.
In 2025, Regions continued advancing its education benefits beyond access to measurable
outcomes. A total of 679 associates were enrolled in learning programs, and 131 graduated,
bringing Regions’ total graduate count since inception to 414. These outcomes support
stronger talent mobility and stability.
Attrition rates were 17% lower for Guild learners compared to non-Guild learners in similar
roles. Regions also launched Guild’s Credit for Training program. This program creates the
opportunity for eligible associates to earn college credit for select Regions training, reducing
time to completion for learners.
Together, Regions and Guild are translating education investment into measurable business
impact by accelerating career mobility, strengthening retention, and building the skills needed
for the Company’s future. This impact is reinforced by learner feedback, with associates
consistently sharing that the Guild relationship plays a key role in sustaining motivation and
supporting program completion.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
56
Compensation Philosophy
Our compensation and benefits programs operate under the guidance and oversight of the Board’s CHR Committee. The CHR Committee is responsible for approving Regions’ compensation
objectives and ensuring that the compensation programs and policies of the Company support the business goals and strategic plans approved by the Board.
We operate in a highly competitive and regulated environment. Our ability to successfully compete and grow our business depends on the skills, acumen, and motivation of our associates and their
ability to develop and execute a dynamic strategic plan. With this in mind, the CHR Committee established the guiding principles of compensation shown below to serve as the foundation of our
compensation philosophy.
Guiding Principles of Compensation
Set competitive targets.
Pay for performance
based on clear and
focused goals and
increase percentage of
compensation
considered “at-risk” as
business responsibilities
increase.
Promote shared value
through alignment of
the long-term interests
of our shareholders,
customers, and
associates.
Balance growth and
risk by incenting
sustainable, profitable
growth, without
encouraging associates
to take unreasonable
risks.
Align with corporate
values.
With these guiding principles serving as the foundation, our compensation programs are designed to achieve the following objectives: (i) motivate talent with a strong pay-for-performance culture to
achieve desired results; (ii) retain key talent necessary to compete; and (iii) encourage sustainable, profitable growth while ensuring the long-term health of the Company is not jeopardized due to
imprudent short-term decisions or excessive risk-taking.
REWARD AND RECOGNIZE BASED ON PERFORMANCE
Regions believes rewarding and recognizing our associates is foundational to building and maintaining the best team. Regions is committed to investing in the lives of its associates by providing a
competitive and comprehensive total rewards program. We utilize strong pay practices that include competitive base salaries and, for select roles, short-term and long-term incentive programs. These
compensation programs are designed to be balanced, supporting sustainable, profitable growth without encouraging unreasonable risks, and rewarding individual contribution to Regions’ overall
success.
Base salary ranges and short- and long-term incentive targets are set at the job level and are competitive with current market standards. Regions reviews established job values annually, considering
several factors, including job function, necessary skills, and experience levels. Additionally, Regions conducts annual holistic pay reviews with senior executive leaders and their management teams.
During this review, job roles, market data and trends, pay positioning within job-specific ranges, total compensation, and general observations are discussed. This conversation occurs prior to and
during the Regions Performance Management (RPM) and incentive processes, enabling any necessary adjustments to be considered as decisions are being finalized.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
RPM is our formal performance evaluation process designed to engage, develop, empower, and reward associates as we drive shared value for Regions, customers, and shareholders. The RPM
process includes setting individual performance goals aligned with Regions’ strategic priorities and incorporates manager coaching and feedback. Managers and associates assess and discuss
performance against these goals through performance check-ins throughout the year. The process culminates in a year-end assessment based on achievement of individual goals, as well as the
associate’s commitment to risk management and compliance.
Compensation data and performance management results are evaluated during an annual consolidated compensation process, where managers review all elements of associate compensation and
performance to make recommendations regarding base salary and incentives for eligible associates.
Evergreen Week
Although associate appreciation takes place throughout the year, Regions specifically honors all associates every September during Evergreen Week. This week is a time when managers thank
associates for their hard work and dedication, celebrate how associates work together to deliver results the right way, and show appreciation for associates’ unique talents and contributions to our
company. Each year, we develop a new theme that guides the activities throughout the week. During Evergreen Week, we aim to honor, celebrate, and highlight how our associates are extraordinary.
In 2025, the theme was “Extra is our Ordinary,” which reflects what we know to be true of our
associates. Teams celebrated in new and different ways, both in person and virtually, providing
flexibility and options for all teams, including virtual ones. Each associate, whether remote or
onsite, also received a Regions gift box delivered to their home or office that included a thank-you
letter from our CEO and a Regions-branded gift. All associates also received an extra day of paid
vacation as part of Evergreen Week.
At Regions, Evergreen Week is more than just a week of celebration of
our associates—it’s a reflection of who we are. Each year, the Company
sets aside time to honor associates with fun, food, and fellowship. But
for many teams, it’s more than just festivities. They choose to make an
extraordinary impact by giving back to the communities we serve.
Read more about this story here.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
58
We believe that supporting communities and maintaining a sustainable business begins with
contributing positively to our associates’ wellbeing. We strive to make life better for associates
by offering a comprehensive benefits package in addition to statutorily mandated federal,
state, and local benefits; this package includes health benefits, wellness resources, financial
health tools, and work/life benefits. Additionally, we offer wellbeing programs and incentives
that encourage associates to make healthy choices.
Associates are invited to participate in the voluntary survey, commonly referred to as the Q12.
Responses to each question indicate the level of engagement across every team in the
organization and allow us to compare progress for each question year over year. Regions also
includes custom questions that assess perceptions of key indicators of our company’s culture,
such as respect, inclusion and belonging, wellbeing, individual development, and
communication.
Fostering a Culture of Engagement and
Wellbeing for All
Managers are expected to share the results with their teams and conduct team action
planning sessions. Teams are encouraged to use group discussion guides to foster meaningful
dialogue that celebrates accomplishments and helps identify new practices that can improve
engagement and positively impact day-to-day performance.
Regions’ continued commitment to creating a workplace that fosters engagement, respect,
wellbeing, and development opportunities for every associate is unwavering. Engaged
associates bring enthusiasm and passion to their work; they are committed to making life
better for Regions’ customers and communities. They also consistently generate creativity,
innovation, and growth, which contribute to outstanding performance. At Regions, associates’
contributions, achievements, and performance are celebrated.
Regions’ culture of engagement again earned the Gallup
Exceptional Workplace Award for the 11th consecutive
year. This prestigious recognition, rooted in high levels of
employee engagement, underscores the strength of
Regions’ people-first approach. This distinguished
recognition is awarded by Gallup, a global research and
consulting firm, to organizations that cultivate a culture
of engagement and put people at the heart of their
business strategy. The award, measured through Gallup’s rigorous Q12® survey, reflects how
associates feel empowered, supported, and connected to their purpose—a legacy sustained at
Regions for over a decade. It is a powerful validation of Regions’ environment, one where
leadership and team dynamics play a pivotal role in driving organizational success.
A fundamental component of the associate experience at Regions is understanding the
elements of our culture that drive associate motivation and engagement. Measuring
engagement helps us recognize the areas where we perform well and identify opportunities to
continuously improve. Each year, Regions continues to partner with Gallup to administer a
confidential, online Associate Engagement Survey designed to measure engagement and
collect associate feedback on relevant topics.
In 2025, survey results remained strong and consistent, reflecting continued engagement, with
a slight increase from the previous year despite broader global declines in engagement.
Associates report favorable perceptions of fair advancement opportunities, with 70% strongly
agreeing they feel respected at work. Additionally, associate perceptions around “In the last
seven days, I have received recognition or praise for doing good work” and “I have a best
friend at work” continued to show year-over-year increases. While there is always work to do,
this year’s survey results continue to validate our strategic focus on people. They also show
how Regions’ workforce remains resilient, engaged, and strongly positioned to meet the
challenges of an ever-evolving workplace and the financial services industry.
Associate Engagement Survey
Highlights
4.48
75%
Grand Mean Score
of surveyed associates reported
feeling engaged
placing in the 68th percentile in
Gallup’s Finance and Insurance
Company Level Database
while only 4% reported feeling
actively disengaged
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
WELLBEING
We continue to provide a range of programs to help
associates and their families get more out of life by
enhancing wellbeing. Some examples include:
Mental health support through the Headspace
Employee Assistance Program
Associate financial fitness program
Tuition assistance program providing associates with
tuition-free access to numerous degree programs
Regions Dependent Scholarship Program
Adoption assistance
Company match for eligible charitable contributions
of up to $1,000 per year
$5,000 forgivable loan to help qualifying associates
purchase a home
TeamGreen Banking, which provides associates with
discounts on home equity loans, mortgage loans, and
other banking services
Free flu shots
Chronic condition support through Virta, Lark, Pack
Health, and Credence Blue Cross and Blue Shield
Telehealth services through Doctor on Demand
Paid parental leave for eligible associates becoming
parents through birth or adoption
Family Building Benefits, an inclusive program that
supports associates and their partners throughout the
journey to and through parenthood
Regions further supports work-life balance through a range
of work schedules and remote working arrangements
based on position, eligibility, and business needs. These
arrangements include flexible work schedules, compressed
work weeks, alternative daily work schedules, and
telecommuting.
Our corporate workplace model has continued to evolve to
support associates’ needs and preferences. Updated
workspaces include assigned desks, unassigned desks for
associates with flexible work arrangements, social centers,
and additional small conference rooms. This environment
provides associates with the flexibility to choose where they
are most productive. These enhancements also benefit
Regions by enabling operational efficiencies and savings,
expanding opportunities to attract and retain talent, and
supporting a more productive and engaged workforce.
Through our partnership with Guild, Regions offers a
tuition assistance program that provides associates
pursuing banking careers with tuition-free access to
schools, colleges, and universities, including degree
programs in areas such as business management, software
engineering, and data analytics. Unlike the former tuition
reimbursement program, Regions pays tuition directly to
the academic provider. Associates’ only out-of-pocket costs
are for books and fees, which are submitted to Regions for
reimbursement. For more information about the Guild
program, please see the Empower to Grow section within
this report.
Regions’ support of parents begins early in the familybuilding stages by providing compassionate support to
families facing fertility challenges through a program called
WINFertility. WIN offers a variety of resources to help
associates understand their options, maximize their
benefits, and choose the best course of treatment.
For pregnant associates, Regions offers a prenatal
wellbeing program called Baby Yourself. This service
provides expectant parents covered by a Regions medical
plan with support and educational materials, including
access to a personal nurse who can be contacted with
questions or concerns throughout pregnancy.
Regions also offers a program called Ovia Health to all
associates and their spouses or domestic partners. Ovia
meets associates wherever they are in their family-building
journey through a suite of apps supporting fertility,
pregnancy, parenting, and menopause. Participants have
access to daily tips and in-app private messaging with
registered nurses who focus on fertility, labor and delivery,
lactation, postpartum conditions, return to work, and
more.
We recognize that the birth or adoption of a child can be a
significant time of transition, both financially and from a
work-life balance perspective. As a result, Regions
expanded parental leave benefits to reflect our
commitment to supporting associates and their growing
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
families. Regions provides 12 weeks of fully paid leave for
birth mothers and 6 weeks of fully paid leave for birth
parents, including domestic partners and adoptive parents.
Approximately 390 associates—mothers and fathers—took
advantage of maternity and bonding leave programs
during 2025. Our support for parents does not end after a
child’s birth or adoption. The Family Building Benefits
program is an inclusive program designed to support
associates and their partners throughout parenthood. For
example, Regions offers a subsidized childcare program for
Birmingham-area associates through a partnership with
TodayCare Children's Centers. The facility offers an
enriching, age-appropriate curriculum in a safe and
nurturing environment. Staffed by qualified childcare
providers, it is fully licensed with small child-to-caregiver
ratios and offers full-time care for children ages 6 weeks
through pre-K.
Regions also believes in helping associates prepare for
retirement. More than 94% of Regions associates
participate in our 401(k) Plan. Regions provides a 5%
company match to support associates’ retirement savings,
which increased from 4% in 2019.
CULTIVATING ASSOCIATE HEALTH
AND WELLBEING
We provide access to comprehensive and affordable health
insurance coverage for associates working at least 30 hours
per week, as well as their families. Associate health
insurance costs are progressively aligned with
compensation so that entry-level associates pay the lowest
available out-of-pocket premiums. We also offer wellbeing
programs and incentives that encourage associates to
thrive at work, at home, and beyond.
The Regions Corporate Wellbeing program,
Wellbeing@Regions, gives associates access to a wide
range of benefits, programs, and services that support all
dimensions of associate wellbeing. The program includes
initiatives across five dimensions of wellbeing—physical,
mental, financial, professional, and social—providing
associates with resources to enjoy life to the fullest.
In 2024, we launched Well, an application that serves as a
gateway to all health and wellbeing programs offered at
Regions. Well suggests personalized actions and small
steps to help associates improve their overall health and
wellbeing. Associates can chat with Well Guides to ask
questions about their health plan, find in-network
providers, or receive tips for healthy living. The platform
becomes more personalized as associates continue to
engage with it. Each completed health action earns points
that can be redeemed for gift cards. Since its launch in
2024, more than 12,000 associates have enrolled in Well,
completing 52,000 challenges and engaging in over 11,000
health journeys.
Regions also introduced a mental health support program
in 2024 called Headspace. Headspace provides resources
to support daily mental wellbeing. The program includes
hundreds of meditation and mindfulness videos for all
ages, real-time tools for immediate support, 24/7 textbased coaching, and short-term in-person or virtual
counseling for associates and up to five family members or
friends.
To encourage participation and account growth, new hires
are automatically enrolled at a 2% contribution rate, and
contributions automatically increase by 1% each year up to
at any time.
For eligible associates who are not accruing a benefit in the
Regions Financial Corporation Retirement Plan, a defined
benefit plan that is closed to new participants, we make an
annual 2% contribution to their 401(k) Plan, regardless of
whether they contribute themselves.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
61
Volunteerism and Giving
Making Life Better Together in 2025
Our associates serve a crucial role in building thriving and dynamic communities where we live
and work. They generously share their time, talent, and treasures, and we are proud to partner
with them in making life better for our communities.
Launched in 2023, the Regions Making Life Better Institute® (MLBI) reflects a strategic and
intentional approach to associate volunteerism and financial education. Its key components
include: Regions Associates in Action® (extra hands/group volunteering), Regions Skills in
Service® (skills-based/pro bono technical assistance), nonprofit board service, financial
education, and associate recognition programs.
In 2025, our associates logged 140,100 hours of volunteer service and financial education
delivery across our footprint—the highest in Regions’ history. MLBI is committed to supporting
associates and ensuring that community service, particularly in support of our LMI
communities, remains a strategic priority in fulfilling our mission to create shared value and
make life better for our communities, customers, and associates.
The What a Difference a Day Makes® program provides associates with the opportunity to
take one paid day off each year to make life better by volunteering with nonprofit
organizations in their communities. Offered to all associates, this program enables us to
support these organizations in their efforts to help others. We confidently believe that this
benefit aligns with associate and community expectations of corporate citizenship and
supports our ability to attract and retain talent while making life better.
140,100
$7.7 million
hours of community
service logged
donations to United Way by Regions
Bank and Regions associates
paid day off provided to associates to volunteer with a
nonprofit organization in their community
Available to all full-time Regions associates and recent retirees (within the past five years), the
Matching Gifts program provides participants the opportunity to make an even greater
impact on communities by matching tax-deductible contributions to their favorite qualifying
nonprofit organizations. Regions matches gifts of $25 or more to eligible nonprofit
organizations, up to $1,000 per participant annually.
In addition to volunteering with agencies funded by United Way®, Regions associates are
long-term financial supporters of these organizations through personal giving to local United
Way chapters across our footprint. Associates come together annually for our United Way
fundraising campaign, which supports United Way and its network of member agencies in
their efforts to improve health, education, and financial stability in the communities we serve.
Associates can elect to have United Way allocate their donations based on the organization’s
strategic programming or direct their contributions toward specific areas of interest. In 2025,
Regions Bank and Regions associates supported more than 175 United Way chapters
throughout our footprint, donating $7.7 million, including $5.1 million from associates, $2.5
million from the Bank, and $50,000 from the Foundation.
Using a skills-based approach, the Regions Skills in Service program matches the talents and
experience of associates from across the organization with the specific needs of community
partners. This targeted approach allows associates with subject-matter expertise to provide
pro bono technical assistance to nonprofits and Community Development Financial
Institutions (CDFIs), helping to increase capacity and support long-term success.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
62
We believe that our business can only be as healthy as the
communities where we work and live. Through
community development investments, financial wellness
initiatives, and associate volunteerism, we support
economic opportunity by expanding access to resources
that strengthen our surrounding communities.
2025 Community Impact
Supporting Inclusion Through
Community Outreach
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
63
As a regional bank, our success is deeply connected to the
strength of the communities we serve. The relationships we
build across our footprint are fundamental to advancing
our purpose and driving growth. By investing in individuals,
families, and businesses, we work to broaden access to
opportunity and help more people achieve their financial
goals.
We believe meaningful community engagement generates
shared value and supports long-term, sustainable growth
for all stakeholders through:
Community impact: Our investments are designed to
make life better by helping communities prosper,
strengthening local economies, and expanding access
to opportunity
Associate engagement: Our commitment to
community reflects our core values of putting people
first and doing what is right. By engaging associates in
purposeful service, we reinforce our culture, deepen
connection to our mission, and strengthen overall
engagement.
Business growth: Active community involvement
contributes to resilient local ecosystems where our
customers, communities, and company can grow
together. As community engagement continues to
evolve, it remains an increasingly important driver of
business strength and long-term success.
Community Development
Philanthropic and
Community Giving
$2.2 billion
$25.0 million
Small business and small farm lending
Total contributions
Individuals who received financial
education from Regions
including:
$68.3 million
$19.6 million
Debt & equity commitments by
the RCDC
Contributions and sponsorships from
Regions Bank
Online page views via digital financial
education resources
$359.1 million
$5.4 million
Closed New Markets Tax Credit
allocation
Contributions from the Regions
Foundation
Financial wellness workshops led by
$7.7 million
approximately 17,400
New Markets Tax Credit projects
supported
Donations to United Way by Regions
Bank, Regions Foundation, and Regions
Financial education service hours
performed by associates
Hours logged by our associates to make
life better in our communities
All figures as of December 31, 2025
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
In 2025, we maintained a mission-driven and results-focused approach to our community
investment strategy. Our efforts were centered on programs and services designed to deliver
both near-term outcomes and sustained, long-term impact across our community
engagement strategic priorities.
By concentrating on these priorities—areas that align with our capabilities, expertise, and
associate talent—we believe we are best positioned to meet the evolving needs of our
communities. This intentional focus enables us to invest where we can create meaningful
impact today, while building a strong foundation for continued progress in the future.
Additional details and stories highlighting these priorities can be found in our Shared Value
Report: Community Engagement Highlights, available at regions.com/
communityengagement.
Our Community Engagement Strategic Priorities
Economic and Community
Education and Workforce
Readiness
Financial
Wellness
Economic Prosperity
Career Prosperity
Financial Prosperity
Affordable housing
Job creation
Student competency and skillbuilding
Financial education to youth, adults,
and vulnerable populations
Small business development
College and career readiness
Financial planning tools and resources
Homeownership pathway and
preservation
Educational access and success
Integrated asset-building
Credentials and employment
Neighborhood revitalization and
stabilization
Educator training and resources
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
Regions Foundation
The Regions Foundation, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit corporation funded through contributions from
Regions Bank, aims to broaden access to opportunities for prosperity by investing in initiatives
that reduce barriers to economic success.
The Foundation distributed $5 million to our communities in 2025, with a focus on
supporting programs in economic and community development, education and
workforce readiness, and financial wellness.
The Foundation has made $34 million in commitments in grants and program-related
investments since its inception in 2018.
The Foundation has distributed $1.7 million for disaster relief efforts over the past five
years.
The Foundation has distributed $1.6 million to CDFIs and Loan Funds over the past five
years.
Regions Community Development Corporation
Established and funded in 2020, RCDC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Regions Bank. The
mission of RCDC is to make life better by providing debt and/or equity financing for projects
and entities with a CRA community development purpose. Specifically, RCDC’s considerations
include:
New Markets Tax Credits
Beginning in late 2022, Regions began making investments in New Markets Tax Credit (NMTC)
projects to expand access to quality jobs, education, healthcare, and other critical services to
low-income community members. NMTC financing is a key component of Regions’ community
development financing activity.
In 2025, Regions provided NMTC equity investments in support of 22 projects, delivered
through 40 sub-Community Development Entity (CDE) investments, totaling $359 million in
closed NMTC allocation.
Providing project financing for new construction and rehabilitation
Providing greater flexibility in pricing and structure than traditional bank lending
Making responsible, strategic-impact equity investments
Between closing its first NMTC transaction in November 2022 and the end of 2025, Regions has
invested $767 million in NMTC allocation in partnership with 78 sub-CDEs. These investments
supported 49 projects, which, once fully completed, are expected to result in the following
notable impacts:
Becoming a leader in supporting CDFIs in the Regions footprint
Over 5,500 full-time jobs created or retained
Over 2,500 construction jobs created
Over 300,000 low-income community members served annually through healthcare,
education, workforce development, and other critical services
In 2025, the RCDC invested $68 million in new debt and equity commitments reaching a total
of $187 million in five years in support of affordable housing development, economic
revitalization, and support for LMI small businesses and individuals. RCDC is currently invested
in 26 CDFIs.
All of these investments were made in low-income communities, advancing access to capital
and resources for underserved populations.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
66
Supporting Inclusion
Through Community
Outreach
We believe that meaningful connections to the communities we serve strengthen local
relationships and, ultimately, drive real business outcomes. Accordingly, we collaborate
closely with local, state, and national organizations to help provide financial education,
promote economic and community development, and offer technical assistance for
individuals and businesses across a broad range of communities. The strength of these
relationships amplifies our efforts to cultivate financial wellness, education and workforce
readiness, community revitalization, and small business growth in the markets where we live
and work.
In addition, Regions continues to invest financial resources and associate volunteer time in
organizations across its footprint that provide services such as job readiness and employment
pathways for individuals with disabilities.
Supporting People with Disabilities
For more information on our outreach and services supporting associates with disabilities,
please see the Empower to Belong section within this report.
We advocate for people with disabilities by providing accessible banking resources, inclusive
financial education, and community investments that help reduce financial barriers and
expand opportunity. This work reflects Regions’ commitment to supporting individuals with
disabilities, their families, and the organizations that serve them throughout our footprint.
Supporting U.S. Service Members and Their
Families
Regions’ Disability Services and Outreach Manager builds and maintains relationships with
accessibility advocates and disability-focused organizations to stay informed of emerging
needs and community priorities. Through these partnerships, Regions provides leadership
engagement, advisory support, and community investment to organizations such as the
Indiana School for the Blind and Visually Impaired (Indiana), Starkloff Disability Institute
(Missouri), Disability Rights and Resources (Alabama), and the Alabama State Rehabilitation
Council (Alabama).
Financial education is a key component of this commitment. Money Basics for Life is a Regions
financial education program designed specifically to support people with Intellectual and
Developmental Disabilities by addressing everyday financial topics through accessible,
practical instruction. Courses are delivered by specially trained associates and include
Spanish-language instruction to support broader access.
Regions also serves members of the U.S. military, veterans, and their families through targeted
financial guidance and education. Regions’ Service Members and Veterans Affairs Manager
understands their unique needs and seeks ways to help them manage their finances. This
includes providing financial support, job readiness training, and opportunities to cultivate
entrepreneurial activities for community organizations. This support can be multifaceted: For
example, Regions Bank collaborated with the Association of Military Banks of America to reach
an agreement with the U.S. Veterans Benefits Administration to provide banking and financial
services to VA beneficiaries; our Service Members and Veterans Affairs Manager also serves on
the Association’s board of directors.
Regions’ support for service members, veterans, and their families also extends to our
customers as well as our associates. For more information about how we support these
customers, please see the Financial Inclusion section within this report. You can also learn
more about our associate-focused support in the Empower to Belong section.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
Supporting Students
Regions Bank and the Regions Foundation are committed to advancing our community
engagement strategic priorities, including education and workforce readiness, by working with
a broad range of groups and institutions that help our communities thrive—both now and into
the future—by preparing its members for career prosperity. Among the many colleges and
universities supported by the Bank and Foundation are several Historically Black Colleges and
Universities (HBCUs) that serve a vital role in the nation's education ecosystem. In
collaboratively engaging with these institutions, our goal is to use our resources in ways that
connect more students with the opportunity to complete their education and pursue
rewarding careers. Such efforts include:
Helping cover tuition needs and fund scholarship opportunities for current and recent
students
Delivering financial education seminars to students
Attending on-campus career fairs to hold one-on-one conversations with students about
career opportunities at Regions
Hosting professional development workshops and participating in panel discussions
geared toward students
Enabling funding to expand digital access for students
Building and developing an inclusive workforce through strategic recruiting partnerships
Regions associates engage directly with students through financial education
programs and campus partnerships, including at HBCUs. From leading “Banking
Basics for Students” sessions during welcome events, to mentoring and
connecting students with career pathways, these efforts help build students’
financial confidence, expand their access to opportunity, and support their longterm success.
Read more about these efforts here.
Associates also play a key role in supporting HBCUs through their participation in various
volunteer opportunities that serve these institutions. In addition, several of our associates hold
positions on the boards of trustees and advisory boards that help govern these institutions.
For more information about how we advance educational opportunities for students, please
see the Empower to Grow section within this report.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
68
This Appendix provides a guide to the various terms and
acronyms utilized throughout this report. It also contains
indexes that identify how our reports and disclosures,
including this report, align with the external disclosure
frameworks that our stakeholders have identified as most
beneficial to them.
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 70
2025 TCFD Index
2025 SASB Index
72
2025 GRI Index
77
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
69
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms
Term
Meaning
Term
Meaning
ABAC
Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption
IMMMR
Identify, Measure, Mitigate, Monitor, and Report
AI
Artificial Intelligence
IS
Information Security
ATM
Automated Teller Machine
LISC
Local Initiatives Support Corporation
BAOC
BSA/AML and OFAC Committee
LMI
Low- and Moderate-Income
BMPs
Best Management Practices
MD&A
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
BRAVE
Building Regions Associate Veterans Experience
BSA/AML
Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering
MF
Mortgage Finance
C&I
Commercial and Industrial
MLBI
Making Life Better Institute
CB
Commercial Banks
MLO
Mortgage Loan Officer
CCC Database
Centralized Customer Complaint Database
MSEP
Military Spouse Employment Partnership
CD&A
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
Megawatt-Hour
CDE
Community Development Entity
NAICS
North American Industry Classification System
CDFI
Community Development Financial Institution
NCG
Nominating and Corporate Governance
CF
Consumer Finance
NIRA
New Initiative Risk Assessment
CHR
Compensation and Human Resources
NIST
National Institute of Standards and Technology
CISO
Chief Information Security Officer
NMSZ
New Madrid Seismic Zone
Code of Conduct
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
NMTC
New Markets Tax Credit
CRA
Community Reinvestment Act
NRI
National Risk Index
DPA
Down Payment Assistance
NRRE
Natural Resources and Real Estate
ENRG
Energy and Natural Resources Group
NYSE
New York Stock Exchange
EPA
Environmental Protection Agency
OAC
Office of Associate Conduct
ER
Enterprise Resilience
OFAC
Office of Foreign Assets Control
FEMA
Federal Emergency Management Agency
PV
Photovoltaic
FRL
Fair and Responsible Lending
RCDC
Regions Community Development Corporation
FS-ISAC
Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center
RPM
Regions Performance Management
GHG
Greenhouse Gas
SASB
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
GRI
Global Reporting Initiative
SBA
U.S. Small Business Administration
G-SIB
Global Systemically Important Bank
SBIC
Small Business Investment Company
HBCU
Historically Black College or University
TCFD
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures
HIFi
Home Improvement Financing
UDAAP
Unfair, Deceptive, or Abusive Acts or Practices
HR
Human Resources
VA
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs
HVAC
Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning
and Results of Operations
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
Regions continuously seeks new ways to convey information to our stakeholders in a meaningful but efficient manner. With that goal in mind, we began reporting in line with the recommendations
established by the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) in 2021. In keeping with our efficiency goal, and to better demonstrate how the initiatives in our TCFD reporting fit into
the broader context of our shared value mission, we opted to incorporate our TCFD-responsive disclosures into our Shared Value Report beginning in 2023; to ensure we also meet the needs of
stakeholders specifically seeking information targeted in the TCFD’s recommendations, we are including this TCFD-aligned index to reflect where the relevant content appears in the 2025 Shared
Value Report.
TCFD-Recommended Disclosure Topic
Relevant Section(s) of 2025 Shared Value Report
Board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities
See the “Board Oversight of Our Shared Value Approach” subsection of the Our Board of Directors section.
Management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities
See the “Board Oversight of Our Shared Value Approach” subsection of the Our Board of Directors section.
Also see the “Environmental Risk Management” subsection of the Risks and Opportunities section.
Strategy
Climate-related risks and opportunities identified over the short, medium, and long term
See both the “Risk Management and Compliance” and the “Environmental Risk Management” subsections of
the Risks and Opportunities section. Also see the “Tailoring Our Offerings to Customers’ Goals” subsection of
the Products and Services section.
Impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on businesses, strategy, and financial planning
See the “Environmental Risk Management” subsection of the Risks and Opportunities section. Also see the
“Tailoring Our Offerings to Customers’ Goals” subsection of the Products and Services section.
Resilience of strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios
See the “Environmental Risk Management” subsection of the Risks and Opportunities section.
Processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks
See both the “Risk Management and Compliance” and the “Environmental Risk Management” subsections of
the Risks and Opportunities section.
Processes for managing climate-related risks
See both the “Risk Management and Compliance” and the “Environmental Risk Management” subsections of
the Risks and Opportunities section.
How processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into overall risk
See both the “Risk Management and Compliance” and the “Environmental Risk Management” subsections of
the Risks and Opportunities section.
Metrics and Targets
Metrics used to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with strategy and risk management
process
See the Operating Efficiently section.
Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks
See the “Energy Use and Emissions” subsection of the Operating Efficiently section.
Targets used to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets
See the “Energy Use and Emissions” subsection of the Operating Efficiently section.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
Regions began publishing disclosures aligned with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards in 2019. We provide this SASB Index based on the SASB Standards for the
Financials sector (version 2023-12) that we have deemed to be most relevant to our business: Commercial Banks, Consumer Finance, and Mortgage Finance. Unless otherwise specified, this 2025
index applies to our entire operations for the year ended December 31, 2025. Certain information may not be provided in this index if it (i) is not considered material; (ii) is deemed privileged or
confidential; (iii) could cause a competitive disadvantage to our business if publicly disseminated; or (iv) is not currently collected in a manner wholly correlative with the related SASB metric.
Commercial Banks
Code
Accounting Metric
Response
FN-CB-230a.1
(1) Number of data breaches, (2) percentage
that are personal data breaches, and (3)
number of account holders affected
Regions did not experience any material breaches during 2025. If material breaches had occurred, they would have been addressed in our 2025 Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Please see the response to FN-CB-230a.2 for more information about Regions’ approach to information security risk management.
FN-CB-230a.2
Description of approach to identifying and
addressing data security risks
Regions’ approach to information security risk management is discussed in:
Data Security
The Raising Issues and Reporting Violations section and the Protecting Confidential and/or Proprietary Information section of our Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics
The Information Security Risk discussion in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K
The “Cybersecurity and Technology Oversight” subsection of our 2026 Proxy Statement
The “Empowerment Through Innovation” subsection of our 2025 Shared Value Report
Financial Inclusion & Capacity Building
FN-CB-240a.1
FN-CB-240a.2
(1) Number and (2) amount of loans
outstanding that qualify for programs
designed to promote small business and
community development
Regions discloses the number and amount of our loans to small businesses and small farms in Schedule RC-C Part II, Items 3, 4, 7, and 8, of our Call
Report for 4Q25. Additional data, including Community Reinvestment Act (CRA)-qualified support and lending to Low- and Moderate-Income (LMI) and
minority borrowers, is provided in the Financial Inclusion and Our Strategic Priorities sections of our 2025 Shared Value Report.
(1) Number and (2) amount of past due and
non-accrual loans or loans subject to
forbearance that qualify for programs
designed to promote small business and
Regions discloses the number and amount of our loans to small businesses and small farms in Schedule RC-C Part II, Items 3, 4, 7, and 8, of our Call
Report for 4Q25. Additional data, including CRA-qualified support and lending to LMI and minority borrowers, is provided in the Financial Inclusion and
Our Strategic Priorities sections of our 2025 Shared Value Report.
Regions’ broader efforts to support small businesses, community development, and diverse communities are discussed further in the Financial Inclusion
and Supporting Inclusion Through Community Outreach sections of our 2025 Shared Value Report.
The Aging and Non-Accrual Analysis discussion in the Allowance for Credit Losses footnote to our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K provides an overview
of the delinquency and non-accrual status of our portfolio segments and classes as of December 31, 2025.
Regions’ broader efforts to support small businesses, community development, and diverse communities are discussed further in the Financial Inclusion
and Supporting Inclusion Through Community Outreach sections of our 2025 Shared Value Report.
FN-CB-240a.3
Number of no-cost retail checking accounts
provided to previously unbanked or
underbanked customers
institution at a lower cost, while offering a pathway to becoming fully banked in the future. The Now Banking suite of products and services was
expanded in 2021 to include Regions Now Checking®, a Bank On-certified account that removes the worry of overdraft or returned-item fees with a low,
flat monthly fee. Offerings also include full-service check cashing. For more information on Now Banking, refer to the Financial Inclusion section of the
2025 Shared Value Report.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
FN-CB-240a.4
Number of participants in financial literacy
initiatives for unbanked, underbanked, or
underserved customers
The Regions Next Step® program is a company-wide financial education program designed to help students, adults at various life stages and income
levels, and businesses of all sizes achieve their financial goals. In 2025, 1.4 million people, including visitors to Regions.com, received financial education
from Regions. We also make a number of financial education resources available on our website; during 2025, these digital resources received 1.8 million
online page views. Our Next Step resources are available to all, regardless of customer status.
More information about Regions Next Step can be found in the Financial Inclusion section of our 2025 Shared Value Report and at regions.com/nextstep.
Incorporation of Environmental, Social, & Governance Factors in Credit Analysis
FN-CB-410a.2
Description of approach to incorporation of
environmental, social, and governance
factors in credit analysis
Regions’ approach to effectively managing risks, including those related to our lending practices, is discussed in the Risks and Opportunities section of
our 2025 Shared Value Report.
Financed Emissions
FN-CB-410b.1
Absolute gross financed emissions,
Regions addresses financed emissions in the “Energy Use and Emissions” subsection of our 2025 Shared Value Report.
disaggregated by (1) Scope 1, (2) Scope 2, and
(3) Scope 3
FN-CB-410b.2
Gross exposure for each industry by asset
class
Regions addresses financed emissions in the “Energy Use and Emissions” subsection of our 2025 Shared Value Report.
FN-CB-410b.3
Percentage of gross exposure included in the
financed emissions calculation
Regions addresses financed emissions in the “Energy Use and Emissions” subsection of our 2025 Shared Value Report.
FN-CB-410b.4
Description of the methodology used to
calculate financed emissions
Regions addresses financed emissions in the “Energy Use and Emissions” subsection of our 2025 Shared Value Report.
Business Ethics
FN-CB-510a.1
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of Our material legal proceedings and legal contingencies are discussed in the Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees footnote to our 2025 Annual
legal proceedings associated with fraud,
Report on Form 10-K. Our professional, legal, and regulatory expenses are discussed in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
insider trading, antitrust, anticompetitive
and Results of Operations (MD&A) section of that filing.
behavior, market manipulation, malpractice,
or other related financial industry laws or
regulations
FN-CB-510a.2
Description of whistleblower policies and
procedures
We discuss our whistleblower protection policies and mechanisms in:
The Raising Issues and Reporting Violations section of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
The “Codes of Conduct” subsection of our 2026 Proxy Statement
The “Ethics and Integrity” subsection of our 2025 Shared Value Report
Systemic Risk Management
FN-CB-550a.1
Global Systemically Important Bank (G-SIB)
score, by category
According to the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision’s assessment methodology, Regions is not considered a G-SIB and therefore, was not
assessed a G-SIB score in 2025.
FN-CB-550a.2
Description of approach to integrate results of Results of Regions’ supervisory stress testing can be found on the Regulatory Disclosures page of our website under Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test Results.
mandatory and voluntary stress tests into
An overview of how this testing informs the Company’s capital adequacy assessment is provided in Table 3, Capital Adequacy, of our Basel III Regulatory
capital adequacy planning, long-term
Capital Disclosures Report for 4Q25.
corporate strategy, and other business
activities
Activity Metrics
FN-CB-000.A
(1) Number and (2) value of checking and
savings accounts by segment: (a) personal
and (b) small business
Regions discloses the dollar value of our consumer deposit account products in Schedule RC-E, Memoranda Part I, of our Call Report for 4Q25.
FN-CB-000.B
(1) Number and (2) value of loans by segment: The distribution of Regions’ loan portfolio by segment and class, net of unearned income as of December 31, 2025, is disclosed in the Loans footnote to
(a) personal, (b) small business, and (c)
our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Table 11—Commercial and Investor Real Estate Industry Exposure, and the subsequent narrative in the MD&A
corporate
section of our 2025 Form 10-K further discuss commercial portfolio balances in selected industries as of December 31, 2025.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
73
Code
Accounting Metric
Response
Number of account holders whose
information is used for secondary purposes
We use 100% of our account holders’ information for certain secondary purposes. Our Privacy Pledge, which is given to each Consumer customer when
their relationship with us is established, provides a description of how we collect, use, and share our Consumer customers’ information in accordance
with applicable federal law.
Customer Privacy
FN-CF-220a.1
Further discussion of our privacy policies and procedures can be found in:
FN-CF-220a.2
The Protecting Confidential and/or Proprietary Information section of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
The Information Security Risk discussion in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K
The “Cybersecurity and Technology Oversight” subsection of our 2026 Proxy Statement
The “Data Privacy” subsection of our 2025 Shared Value Report
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of Our material legal proceedings and legal contingencies are discussed in the Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees footnote to our 2025 Annual
legal proceedings associated with customer
Report on Form 10-K. Our professional, legal, and regulatory expenses are discussed in the MD&A section of that filing.
privacy
Data Security
FN-CF-230a.1
(1) Number of data breaches, (2) percentage
Regions did not experience any material breaches during 2025. If material breaches had occurred, they would have been addressed in our 2025 Annual
that are personal data breaches, (3) number of Report on Form 10-K. See the response to FN-CF-230a.3 for more information about Regions’ approach to information security risk management.
account holders affected
FN-CF-230a.2
Card-related fraud losses from (1) card-notpresent fraud and (2) card-present and other
fraud
Our material legal proceedings and legal contingencies are discussed in the Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees footnote to our 2025 Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Our professional, legal, and regulatory expenses are discussed in the MD&A section of that filing.
FN-CF-230a.3
Description of approach to identifying and
addressing data security risks
Regions’ approach to information security risk management is discussed in:
The Raising Issues and Reporting Violations section and the Protecting Confidential and/or Proprietary Information section of our Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics
The Information Security Risk discussion in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K
The “Cybersecurity and Technology Oversight” subsection of our 2026 Proxy Statement
The “Empowerment Through Innovation” subsection of our 2025 Shared Value Report
Selling Practices
FN-CF-270a.1
Percentage of total remuneration for covered
employees that is variable and linked to the
amount of products and services sold
Regions intentionally aligns our compensation philosophy for all associates with how we manage risk. We also reinforce our service-centric culture
through a series of checks and balances that help ensure we work in our customers’ best interests. Our processes to incorporate these goals into
associate compensation are discussed in:
The Sales Practices section and the Incentive Programs section of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
The “Board Oversight Responsibilities” section and the “Compensation Philosophy” section of our 2026 Proxy Statement
The Our Board of Directors section and the “Ethics and Integrity” subsection of our 2025 Shared Value Report
We also disclose the terms of certain incentive plans by filing those plans as exhibits to our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
FN-CF-270a.2
Approval rate for (1) credit and (2) pre-paid
products for applicants
Approval rates for credit and prepaid products are not disclosed in the format specified by this metric. The Allowance for Credit Losses footnote to our
2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K provides information on credit quality indicators for components of our consumer portfolio segment where such data
is available.
FN-CF-270a.3
(1) Average fees from add-on products, (2)
The Allowance for Credit Losses footnote to our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K provides information on key credit quality and portfolio characteristics
average annual percentage rate of credit
of components within our consumer portfolio segment where such data is available. More generally, see the MD&A section of that filing for discussion of
products, (3) average age of credit products,
our consumer portfolio.
(4) average number of credit accounts, and (5)
average annual fees for pre-paid products
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
74
FN-CF-270a.4
(1) Number of customer complaints filed, (2)
percentage with monetary or non-monetary
relief
Information on customer complaints is not disclosed in the format specified by this metric. Our material loss contingencies related to regulatory
investigations are disclosed in the Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees footnote to our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Regulatory expenses
are discussed in the MD&A section of that filing.
FN-CF-270a.5
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of Our material legal proceedings and legal contingencies are discussed in the Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees footnote to our 2025 Annual
legal proceedings associated with selling and Report on Form 10-K. Our professional, legal, and regulatory expenses are discussed in the MD&A section of that filing.
servicing of products
Activity Metrics
FN-CF-000.A
Number of unique consumers with an active
(1) credit card account and (2) pre-paid debit
card account
Not disclosed—see introduction.
FN-CF-000.B
Number of (1) credit card accounts and (2)
pre-paid debit card accounts
The distribution of Regions’ loan portfolio by segment and class, net of unearned income as of December 31, 2025, including consumer credit cards, is
disclosed in the Loans footnote to our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Mortgage Finance
FN-MF-270a.1
(1) Number and (2) value of residential
mortgages of the following types: (a)
combined fixed- and variable-rate, (b)
prepayment penalty, and (c) total
Information on the number and value of residential mortgages by type is not disclosed in the format specified by this metric. Certain information on
residential mortgage balances is included in the financial statements and related disclosures in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
FN-MF-270a.2
(1) Number and (2) value of (a) residential
mortgage modifications, (b) foreclosures, and
(c) short sales or deeds in lieu of foreclosure
The Allowance for Credit Losses footnote to our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K provides information on components of our consumer portfolio
segment, including residential first mortgages, where such data is available. The filing provides additional information on mortgage modifications and
foreclosures.
FN-MF-270a.3
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of Our material legal proceedings and legal contingencies are discussed in the Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees footnote to our 2025 Annual
legal proceedings associated with
Report on Form 10-K. Our professional, legal, and regulatory expenses are discussed in the MD&A section of that filing.
communications to customers or
remuneration of mortgage loan originators
FN-MF-270a.4
Description of remuneration structure of
mortgage loan originators
Lending Practices
Regions intentionally aligns our compensation philosophy for our associates, including mortgage loan originators, with how we manage risk. We also
reinforce our service-centric culture through a series of checks and balances that help ensure we work in our customers’ best interests. Our processes to
incorporate these goals into associate compensation are discussed in:
The Sales Practices section and the Incentive Programs section of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
The “Board Oversight Responsibilities” section and the “Compensation Philosophy” section of our 2026 Proxy Statement
The Our Board of Directors section and the “Ethics and Integrity” subsection of our 2025 Shared Value Report
We also disclose the terms of certain incentive plans in exhibits to our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Discriminatory Lending
FN-MF-270b.1
(1) Number, (2) value, and (3) weighted
average loan-to-value ratio of mortgages
issued to (a) minority and (b) all other
borrowers
The Allowance for Credit Losses footnote to our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K provides information on components of our consumer portfolio
segment, including mortgages, where such data is available. We also discuss our dwelling-secured lending in the Financial Inclusion section of our 2025
Shared Value Report.
FN-MF-270b.2
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of Our material legal proceedings and legal contingencies are discussed in the Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees footnote to our 2025 Annual
legal proceedings associated with
Report on Form 10-K. Our professional, legal, and regulatory expenses are discussed in the MD&A section of that filing.
discriminatory mortgage lending
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
75
FN-MF-270b.3
Description of policies and procedures for
ensuring nondiscriminatory mortgage
origination
Regions is strongly committed to making our financial products and services available to prospective and current customers on a fair and responsible
basis. Mechanisms we use to support this commitment are discussed in:
The Fair and Responsible Banking section of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
The “Corporate Responsibility” subsection of our 2026 Proxy Statement
The “Ethics and Integrity” subsection, the Financial Inclusion section, and the Fair and Responsible Banking section of our 2025 Shared Value
Report
Environmental Risk to Mortgaged Properties
FN-MF-450a.1
(1) Number and (2) value of mortgage loans in Not disclosed—see introduction.
100-year flood zones
FN-MF-450a.2
(1) Total expected loss and (2) loss given
default attributable to mortgage loan default
and delinquency due to weather-related
natural catastrophes, by geographic region
Regions discusses our qualitative scenario analysis of the impacts of weather-related physical risks on our business operations and physical risks on our
real estate lending portfolio in the “Environmental Risk Management” subsection of our 2025 Shared Value Report.
FN-MF-450a.3
Description of how climate change and other
environmental risks are incorporated into
mortgage origination and underwriting
Regions’ efforts to integrate environmental risks into our broader risk management strategy can be found in:
FN-MF-000.A
(1) Number and (2) value of mortgages
originated by category: (a) residential and (b)
commercial
Information on residential mortgages originated by Regions in 2025 can be found in the Supplemental Financial Information to our Fourth Quarter and
Year-End 2025 Earnings Release, which was filed as Exhibit 99.2 to our Form 8-K filed on January 16, 2026.
FN-MF-000.B
(1) Number and (2) value of mortgages
purchased by category: (a) residential and (b)
commercial
The distribution of Regions’ loan portfolio by segment and class, net of unearned income as of December 31, 2025, is disclosed in the Loans footnote to
our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K; this disclosure includes purchased loans in both our consumer and C&I segments.
The Our Board of Directors section and the Risks and Opportunities section of our 2025 Shared Value Report
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
76
This 2025 index was prepared using the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards most relevant to our business that were published in February 2024, which includes guidance with effective dates
between 2016 and 2021. Certain information may not be provided in this disclosure if it (i) is not considered material; (ii) is deemed privileged or confidential; (iii) could cause a competitive
disadvantage to our business if publicly disseminated; or (iv) is not currently collected in a manner wholly correlative with the related GRI disclosure item.
General Disclosures
Category
Subcategory
Disclosure Number Disclosure Name
Response / Citation(s)
2: General Disclosures
Organizational Profile
2-1
Organizational details
Birmingham, Alabama
2025 Shared Value Report
2026 Proxy Statement—About Regions
2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K—Business
2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K—Exhibit 21,
Regions Financial Corporation Subsidiaries
December 31, 2025
2: General Disclosures
Organizational Profile
2-2
Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting
Reporting Practices
2-3
Reporting period, frequency and contact point
January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025 (unless otherwise
stated)
Reported annually
Andrew Nix, Chief Governance Officer
Email: governance@regions.com
Phone: 1-800-REGIONS (734-4667)
Reporting Practices
2-4
Restatements of information
Regions Financial Corporation has not been required to
file any financial restatements since the publication of the
2024 Shared Value Report.
2-5
External assurance
The greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions discussed in the
Energy Use and Emissions subsection of the 2025 Shared
Value Report are in the process of being verified by an
independent third party. We will make the Letter of
Assurance available on our website once this process is
completed.
Activities and Workers
2-6
Activities, value chain and other business relationships
2026 Proxy Statement—About Regions
2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K—Business; Market
For Registrant’s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities; Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(MD&A)
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
Activities and Workers
2-7
2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K—Business
Employees
2-8
Workers who are not employees
[omitted]
2-9
Governance structure and composition
2026 Proxy Statement—Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance Principles
Audit Committee Charter
CHR Committee Charter
NCG Committee Charter
Risk Committee Charter
Technology Committee Charter
Executive Committee Charter
ir.regions.com/governance
Regions Financial Corporation By-Laws
2026 Proxy Statement—Proposal 1; Corporate
Corporate Governance Principles
NCG Committee Charter
2026 Proxy Statement—Corporate Governance
2026 Proxy Statement—Corporate Governance;
Human Rights Statement
2-10
Nomination and selection of the highest governance body
2-11
Chair of the highest governance body
2-12
Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of
impacts
Supplier Code of Conduct
2-13
Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts
2-14
Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting
2026 Proxy Statement—Corporate Governance;
Audit Committee Charter
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
2-15
Conflicts of interest
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
78
2-16
2-17
2-18
2-19
2-20
2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K—Risk Factors;
Note 23. Commitments, Contingencies and
Guarantees
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
Regions Financial Corporation By-Laws
2026 Proxy Statement—Proposal 1; Corporate
2026 Proxy Statement—Proposal 2; Compensation
Discussion and Analysis (CD&A); Executive
Compensation Tables and Other Information
2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K—Executive
Compensation; Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
Stockholder Matters
2026 Proxy Statement—Proposal 1; Proposal 2;
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management; CD&A; Executive Compensation
Tables and Other Information
2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K—Executive
Compensation; Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
Stockholder Matters
Communication of critical concerns
Collective knowledge of the highest governance body
Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body
Remuneration policies
Process to determine remuneration
2-21
Annual total compensation ratio
2026 Proxy Statement—Executive Compensation
Tables and Other Information
Strategy, policies and practices
2-22
Statement on sustainable development strategy
2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K—Business
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
79
Strategy, policies and practices
2-23
2-24
2-25
2-26
2-27
Policy commitments
Embedding policy commitments
Processes to remediate negative impacts
Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns
Compliance with laws and regulations
2026 Proxy Statement—Letter from the Chairman
and Lead Independent Director of the Board;
Corporate Governance; Corporate Responsibility
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
Doing More Today® website
Human Rights Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
2026 Proxy Statement—Letter from the Chairman
and Lead Independent Director of the Board;
Corporate Governance; Corporate Responsibility
Business Conduct and Ethics Compliance Training
Course
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
Doing More Today website
2026 Proxy Statement—Codes of Conduct
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
Since the issuance of our last report, Regions has not
been assessed any fines for non-compliance with
environmental or socioeconomic laws and regulations
that had a material adverse effect on our operations.
Material events are disclosed in the Commitments,
Contingencies and Guarantees footnote (Note 23) to the
Consolidated Financial Statements in our 2025 Annual
Report on Form 10-K.
Potential incidents are reported, assessed, and addressed
in conformance with our Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics and applicable laws and regulations.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
80
2-28
2-29
2-30
Government Affairs Political Activities Report
2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K—Business
Government Affairs Political Activities Report
Membership associations
Approach to stakeholder engagement
Collective bargaining agreements
Regions’ associates are not subject to collective
bargaining agreements.
Material Topics
Category
Subcategory
Disclosure Number Disclosure Name
Response / Citation(s)
3: Material Topics
3-1
Process to determine material topics
The 2025 Shared Value Report's content and topic
boundaries were defined based on Regions' strategy,
operations, and business; stakeholder feedback; industry
and economic observations; peer analysis; and various
voluntary disclosure standards and frameworks.
3: Material Topics
3-2
List of material topics
This year’s report has been updated to reflect changes we
observed while determining the report’s content and
topic boundaries (see GRI 3-1 above).
3-3
Management of material topics
Governance; Corporate Responsibility; CD&A
2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K—Business
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
Doing More Today website
Environmental Sustainability Statement
Government Affairs Political Activities Report
Privacy Pledge
California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosure
Regions’ associates are not subject to collective bargaining
agreements. Our approach to associates in the workplace is
discussed in our 2025 Shared Value Report; our 2026 Proxy
Statement (Corporate Responsibility); and our Human Rights
Statement. On suppliers, see the 2025 Shared Value Report
(Local Sourcing) and generally, our Supplier Code of Conduct.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
81
Economic Standards
Standard
Disclosure
Economic Performance
201: Economic Performance
201-1
Direct economic value generated and distributed
2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K—Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data
2026 Proxy Statement—Corporate Responsibility
2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K—Forward-Looking
Statements; Risk Factors
2026 Proxy Statement—CD&A; Executive Compensation
2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K—MD&A; Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data; Note 17. Employee
Benefit Plans
Economic Performance
201: Economic Performance
201-2
201-3
201-4
Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to
climate change
Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans
Financial assistance received from government
Regions did not receive financial assistance from any government
besides the United States during the applicable reporting period.
No government entities own shares in the Company at this time.
Regions discusses its tax credit investments in the 2025 Annual
Report on Form 10-K, specifically in the Business, Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 2. Variable Interest
Entities, and Note 19. Income Taxes sections of that filing.
Indirect Economic Impacts 203: Indirect Economic Impacts
203-1
Infrastructure investments and services supported
Indirect Economic Impacts 203: Indirect Economic Impacts
203-2
Significant indirect economic impacts
Procurement Practices
204-1
Proportion of spending on local suppliers
Anti-Corruption
Anti-Corruption
204: Procurement Practices
205: Anti-corruption
205: Anti-corruption
205-1
205-2
Operations assessed for risks related to corruption
Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and
procedures
2026 Proxy Statement—Corporate Responsibility
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
Business Conduct and Ethics Compliance Training Course
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
82
205-3
Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken
Material events are disclosed in the Commitments, Contingencies
and Guarantees footnote (Note 23) to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Potential incidents are reported, assessed, and addressed in
conformance with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and
applicable laws and regulations.
Anti-Competitive Behavior 206: Anti-competitive behavior
206-1
Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly
practices
Material events are disclosed in the Commitments, Contingencies
and Guarantees footnote (Note 23) to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Tax
207: Tax
207-1
Approach to tax
2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K—MD&A; Note 1. Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies; Note 2. Variable Interest
Entities; Note 19. Income Taxes
Tax
207: Tax
207-2
Tax governance, control, and risk management
2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K—MD&A; Note 1. Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies; Note 2. Variable Interest
Entities; Note 19. Income Taxes
2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K—MD&A; Note 1. Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies; Note 2. Variable Interest
207-3
Stakeholder engagement and management of concerns related to tax
Environmental Standards
Standard
Disclosure
Materials
301: Materials
301-1
Materials used by weight or volume
Materials
301: Materials
301-2
Recycled input materials used
302: Energy
302-1
Energy consumption within the organization
Environmental Sustainability Statement
302: Energy
302-2
Energy consumption outside of the organization
302-3
Energy intensity
302-4
Reduction of energy consumption
302-5
Reductions in energy requirements of products and services
Emissions
305: Emissions
305-1
Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions
Emissions
305: Emissions
305-2
Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions
305-3
Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
83
305-4
GHG emissions intensity
305-5
Reduction of GHG emissions
Waste
306: Waste
306-1
Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts
Waste
306: Waste
306-2
Management of significant waste-related impacts
306-3
Waste generated
306-4
Waste diverted from disposal
Supplier Environmental
Assessment
308: Supplier Environmental
Assessment
308-1
New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria
Supplier Environmental
308: Supplier Environmental
308-2
Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken
Social Standards
Employment
401: Employment
401-1
New employee hires and employee turnover
Employment
401: Employment
401-2
Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to
temporary or part-time employees
401-3
Parental leave
Labor/Management
Relations
402: Labor/Management Relations
402-1
Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes
Regions follows all applicable state and federal employment
requirements, including those found in the federal Worker
Adjustment and Training Notification Act.
Occupational Health &
Safety
403: Occupational Health & Safety
403-1
Occupational health and safety management system
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
2026 Proxy Statement—Corporate Governance; Corporate
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Occupational Health &
Safety
403: Occupational Health & Safety
403-2
403-3
Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident identification
Occupational health services
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
84
403-4
403-5
403-6
403-10
Worker participation, consultation, and communication on
occupational health and safety
Worker training on occupational health and safety
Promotion of worker health
2026 Proxy Statement—CD&A
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
2026 Proxy Statement—Corporate Responsibility; CD&A
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
2026 Proxy Statement—CD&A
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Training & Education
404: Training & Education
404-1
Average hours of training per year per employee
Training & Education
404: Training & Education
404-2
Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance
programs
404-3
Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career
development reviews
Diversity & Equal
Opportunity
405: Diversity & Equal Opportunity
405-1
Diversity of governance bodies and employees
2026 Proxy Statement—Proposal 1; Corporate Governance;
CD&A
2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K—Business
Non-Discrimination
406: Non-discrimination
406-1
Work-related ill health
Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken
Material events are disclosed in the Commitments, Contingencies
and Guarantees footnote (Note 23) to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Potential incidents are reported, assessed, and addressed in
conformance with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and
applicable laws and regulations.
Freedom of Association &
Collective Bargaining
407: Freedom of Association &
Collective Bargaining
407-1
Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association
and collective bargaining may be at risk
Regions’ associates are not subject to collective bargaining
agreements. Our approach to associates in the workplace is
discussed in our 2025 Shared Value Report; our 2026 Proxy
Statement (Corporate Responsibility); and our Human Rights
Statement. On suppliers, see the 2025 Shared Value Report and our
Supplier Code of Conduct.
Child Labor
408: Child Labor
408-1
Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor
None is known at this time. For more information, please see our
Human Rights Statement and Supplier Code of Conduct.
Forced or Compulsory
Labor
409: Forced or Compulsory Labor
409-1
Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or
compulsory labor
None is known at this time. For more information, please see our
Human Rights Statement and Supplier Code of Conduct.
Security Practices
410: Security Practices
410-1
Security personnel trained in human rights policies or procedures
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
85
Human Rights Assessment 412: Human Rights Assessment
Human Rights Assessment 412: Human Rights Assessment
412-1
412-2
Operations that have been subject to human rights reviews or impact
assessments
Employee training on human rights policies and procedures
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Business Conduct and Ethics Compliance Training Course
Human Rights Assessment 412: Human Rights Assessment
412-3
Significant investment agreements and contracts that include human
rights clauses or that underwent human rights screening
See, generally, our Supplier Code of Conduct.
Local Communities
413-1
Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments,
and development programs
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
413: Local Communities
Local Communities
413: Local Communities
413-2
Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on
2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K—Forward-Looking
Statements; Risk Factors
Supplier Social
414: Supplier Social Assessment
414-1
New suppliers that were screened using social criteria
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Supplier Social
414: Supplier Social Assessment
414-2
Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken
See, generally, our Supplier Code of Conduct.
Public Policy
415: Public Policy
415-1
Political contributions
Government Affairs Political Activities Report
Customer Health & Safety
416: Customer Health & Safety
416-1
Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service
categories
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Customer Health & Safety
416: Customer Health & Safety
416-2
Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts Material events are disclosed in the Commitments, Contingencies
of products and services
and Guarantees footnote (Note 23) to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Potential incidents are reported, assessed, and addressed in
conformance with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and
Marketing & Labeling
417: Marketing and Labeling
417-1
Requirements for product and service information and labeling
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
86
Marketing & Labeling
417: Marketing and Labeling
417-2
Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service
information and labeling
Material events are disclosed in the Commitments, Contingencies
and Guarantees footnote (Note 23) to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Potential incidents are reported, assessed, and addressed in
conformance with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and
417-3
Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications
Material events are disclosed in the Commitments, Contingencies
and Guarantees footnote (Note 23) to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Potential incidents are reported, assessed, and addressed in
conformance with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and
Customer Privacy
418: Customer Privacy
418-1
Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy
and losses of customer data
Material events are disclosed in the Commitments, Contingencies
and Guarantees footnote (Note 23) to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Potential incidents are reported, assessed, and addressed in
conformance with our internal policies and procedures.
Regions Financial Corporation | 2025 Shared Value Report
87
Regions Bank. Other words or symbols in this report that identify other parties’ goods or services may be trademarks or service marks of those other parties.