
Operating Sustainably
Sustainability remains a core aspect of Ross’ culture. Respecting the environment is one
important way we show support for our Customers, our Associates, and the communities we
serve. As part of these efforts, we have spent decades diligently focusing
on ways to eliminate
Personal Information/Your
and traffic
on inefficiency
our website. We from
also share
about minimizing
your use of ourour
site with
waste
and
ourinformation
operations,
operating costs
as Rights
well as our
Opt- Out
environmental footprint.
Rights” link on this banner. To find out more about how we collect and use your
As
we look ahead, Ross is committed to advancing our sustainability goals even further,
enhancing transparency, and contributing to a healthy, livable planet for all while continuing to
deliver value to our Customers.
In 2024, we reaffirmed our continuing commitment to transparency by participating in the
CDP 2024 Questionnaire, earning a B score on our Climate Change disclosure.*
We also made progress on our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reduction efforts, which
include:**
• A near-term target to reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 30 percent per total square foot by
2025 versus a 2017 baseline
• A science-aligned interim target to reduce our absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 42 percent by
2030 against a 2021 baseline
• An ambition to reach net-zero GHG emissions by 2050 or sooner
Ross remains committed to exploring and pursuing practices that reduce emissions while also
creating business value. We are proud to share our progress on GHG reduction and other
environmental sustainability efforts through the CDP Questionnaire, future CSR Reports, and
other public disclosures.
*CDP, formerly Carbon Disclosure Project, is a nonprofit that runs a global disclosure system
for investors, companies, cities, states, and regions to manage their environmental impacts.
**We have organized our GHG emissions to align with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol’s scope
definitions. Scope 1 emissions are from sources that are owned or controlled by Ross. Scope
2 emissions are from the generation of energy and electricity purchased by Ross. Scope 3
are our emissions from sources not owned or controlled by Ross.
Our Focus
Ross recognizes that the well-being of our business and the communities we serve is closely
tied to our environment. While sustainability is a consideration for many businesses, we know
from years of experience that there is no one-size-fits-all solution. Ross’ operations are
unique, and so are our sustainability strategies.
To
guide
our
efforts,
we
conducted
an assessment
determine the environmental
This
website
uses
enhance
user experience
and to analyzeto
performance
and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with
sustainability issues that matter most to our business, Associates, other stakeholders, and
broader
communities. Through this process, we concluded that GHG emissions, energy
Rights” link on thisand
banner.
To find
out more about
how
wetop
collect
and use your
consumption,
waste
reduction
are
our
priorities.
Water use, while not a significant
impact area for Ross, is also important; we remain committed to responsible water usage
wherever possible.
Program Oversight
We have established program governance to ensure that our environmental sustainability
strategy aligns with our broader business strategy and receives adequate support and
guidance to succeed.
Our Board of Directors exercises general oversight of our sustainability program and climate
risks, and has delegated the primary oversight responsibility to the Audit Committee. This
Committee receives regular reports on Ross’ environmental sustainability efforts.
Ross also convenes a cross-functional Environmental Sustainability Steering Committee
(ESSC) , which is comprised of senior leaders from across the Company, including the Store
Operations, Supply Chain, Property Development, Finance, Indirect Procurement, and Legal
teams. The ESSC is responsible for identifying and managing risks and opportunities
associated with climate change, informing and endorsing GHG emissions and waste reduction
strategies, and identifying and supporting projects in pursuit of achieving those strategies.
Additionally, the ESSC advises our dedicated Sustainability team and ensures that Ross’
sustainability program aligns with our overall business strategy.
Leaders throughout the Company overseeing energy efficiency, energy management, and
waste reduction efforts play essential roles in implementing our sustainability programs. Our
management provides updates about these environmental initiatives to the Audit Committee.
and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with
Rights” link on this banner. To find out more about how we collect and use your
Advancing sustainability
Ambition to reach net-zero
GHG emissions by 2050 or
sooner
Commitment to
transparency
B score received on CDP’s
2024 Climate Change
Questionnaire
and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with
Rights” link on this banner. To find out more about how we collect and use your
Beat carbon emissions
target
31% reduction in Scope 1
and 2 GHG emissions per
total square foot versus
2017
Waste reduction
66% of waste diverted from
landfill
and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with
OPERATING SUSTAINABLY
Rights” link on this banner. To find out more about how we collect and use your
Climate and Energy
Waste Management and Recycling
Environmental Sustainability in the Supply Chain
RossStores.com
Accessibility
ddsDISCOUNTS.com
Contact Us
Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)
Styles, colors and items will vary by store. That’s yes for less!
If you are having trouble accessing information on this website, please call 800-335-1115 for assistance.
and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with
Rights” link on this banner. To find out more about how we collect and use your