SUSTAINABILITY
Select Section
A Message from Our CEO
At Texas Pacific, integrating sustainability objectives into our
business strategy is a top priority and integral to the long-term
value and longevity of our Company. Our approach allows us to
operate with environmental awareness, social due diligence, and
best governance practices. Texas Pacific has an unwavering
commitment to operate responsibly in all aspects of our
business, and we will continue to take purposeful actions to
deliver this strategy.
- Tyler Glover, Chief Executive Officer
About TPL
Texas Pacific Land Corporation (“TPL”, “Texas Pacific”, the “Company",
“our”, “we”, or “us”) has a longstanding history as one of the largest
landowners in the State of Texas with approximately 882,000 surface
acres of land in West Texas, principally concentrated in the Permian
Basin. We have a unique structure in that we are not an oil and gas
producer, but we instead generate revenue through royalty
interests throughout the oil and gas development value chain.
The Company was originally organized as Texas Pacific Land Trust (the
“Trust”) under a Declaration of Trust, dated February 1, 1888, to receive
and hold title to extensive tracts of land in the State of Texas, previously
the property of the Texas and Pacific Railway Company. On January 11,
2021, the Trust completed its reorganization from a business trust, Texas
Pacific Land Trust, into Texas Pacific Land Corporation. We are proud of
our history as one of the few Depression Era companies that continue
trading on the New York Stock Exchange today, almost a century later.
We believe this is a representation of our ability to generate stockholder
value and continuously evolve our operations within the marketplace.
Our mission is to pursue a thoughtful, long-term approach towards
optimizing and building upon the commercial and environmental virtues
of our extensive lands and resources. We have a long history of
responsible management of our legacy assets and currently operate two
business segments: Land and Resource Management and Water
Services and Operations. We continue to explore new opportunities
related to renewable energy, environmental, sustainability, and
technology, among others, which can leverage our existing legacy
surface and royalty assets.
Land and Resource Management
Our Land and Resource Management segment encompasses the
business of managing our approximately 882,000 surface acres
of land and approximately 224,000 net royalty acres of oil and
gas royalty interests, principally concentrated in the Permian
Basin. The revenue streams of this segment consist primarily of
royalties from oil and gas, revenues from easements, commercial
leases and renewables, and land and material sales.
Water Services and Operations
Our Water Services and Operations segment is committed to
sustainable water development and encompasses the business
of providing full-service water offerings to operators in the
Permian Basin through Texas Pacific Water Resources LLC
(“TPWR”). Our significant surface ownership in the Permian Basin
provides TPWR with a unique opportunity to provide multiple
full-service water offerings to operators, which include, but are
not limited to, water sourcing, produced-water treatment,
infrastructure development, and disposal solutions.
Our Partnership with Oil & Gas Lessees
As TPL does not produce oil and gas from the land from which
our royalty revenue stream is derived, our sustainability goals
and partnership opportunities are developed in consultation with
the entities operating on our land. By partnering with these
entities, we are able to achieve the following outcomes:
• Foster innovative technologies that support emissions
management;
• Develop renewable energy buildout across TPL’s land;
• Implement electrification and energy efficiency projects that
support the low-carbon goals of operators;
• Build out water infrastructure to support the mitigation and
response to climate change;
• Enhance community-level engagements, social investments, and
volunteering; and
• Partner with emergency responders in TPL communities.
Throughout this website, we will provide additional details on the
ways in which we work with oil and gas operators to fulfill the
objectives of our sustainability program.
About our Sustainability
Disclosures
We are pleased to present our 2025 Sustainability Website disclosures,
which demonstrate TPL’s commitment to sustainable practices
throughout our operations. Our Sustainability disclosure has been
informed by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”),
Global Reporting Initiative (“GRI”), and the Task Force on ClimateRelated Disclosures (“TCFD”) frameworks. The data disclosed in this
website covers all of our operations for the fiscal year ending December
31, 2025, unless otherwise noted. Given the dynamic nature of
sustainability priorities and best practices, assessments and reviews of
our metrics and disclosure policies will continue to be evaluated and, if
necessary, adjusted on a regular basis.
If you have questions or comments, please contact us at .
Sustainability Strategy
Texas Pacific’s Core Values act as guiding principles underlying our
business conduct and engagement with partners and stakeholders.
Since 1888, when Texas Pacific was first established as a land trust, our
commitment to long-term success has been dependent on adapting to
dynamic market forces and doing what is right for all stakeholders.
Our Core Values align with our strategic and operational priorities, as
well as our commitment to corporate responsibility. Our sustainability
strategy reflects our dedication to meeting tactical business priorities
while managing the environmental impacts of our operations,
maintaining principles for social responsibility, and upholding a
commitment to strong corporate governance.
Our Commitment to Corporate Responsibility
TPL is positioned to proactively and holistically manage our
sustainability risks and opportunities, which in turn provides our
communities, stakeholders, stockholders, lessees, and operators with
confirmation that our company is prioritizing the necessary items to
generate long-term value and support sustainability excellence.
Our sustainability strategy is focused on the overarching priorities of
environmental management, employee health and safety, workforce
management and equality, community and landowner engagement,
and strong corporate governance and ethics. We are committed to
working towards a sustainable future and operating in a responsible
manner across all of our operations and land management activities. We
strive to uphold the highest standards of ethics, transparency, and
accountability, and we foster the safe and responsible development of
our lands.
TPL continues to implement an integrated and iterative approach to
sustainable and responsible resource management. As TPL does not
produce oil or gas from the land from which our royalty revenue stream
is derived, we work in close consultation with the entities operating on
those lands. We maintain strong relationships with these operators to
encourage environmental best practices as it relates to their specific
infrastructure and operational requirements. In our Water Services and
Operations segment, we have developed a tailored sustainability
program that speaks to the ethical and responsible buildout of our water
assets and management of water as a natural resource.
TPL continues to partner with an external consulting firm to
independently assess our operations, business practices and
procedures, and cultural enablers. This allows us to identify
opportunities to improve processes and incorporate best practices
where possible.
Sustainability Leadership and Management
Oversight
We believe effective oversight and implementation of our sustainability
strategy stems from the involvement of internal stakeholders throughout
our business. As such, sustainability-related responsibilities are
apportioned to various departments and individuals throughout our
Company, from upper leadership to entry-level employees. Our
sustainability internal oversight framework is comprised of leadership
and employee subject-matter experts to ensure we remain ahead of the
latest trends and developments in sustainability.
Beginning at the executive level, TPL’s ESG Leadership Committee
provides critical oversight and direction regarding our sustainability
business strategies. Additionally, our ESG Working Committee,
comprised of our cross-functional subject matter experts, offers divisionspecific knowledge and accountability related to the ongoing
development and evaluation of our initiatives. Both of these groups play
a critical role in the oversight and implementation of TPL’s sustainability
strategy. For additional details on the responsibilities of each group,
refer to Management’s Role in Assessing and Managing Climate Risks
and Opportunities.
Board of Directors
ESG Executive Leadership Committee
Tyler Glover
Chris Steddum
CEO
CFO
Michael
Dobbs
SVP & General
Counsel
ESG Working Committee
VP Corporate
Strategy
HSE Manager
Director of
Operations
Director of Land
Director of Human
Resources
Director of Internal Audit
Director of Accounting
VP Finance & IR
Director of IT
Chief Accounting
Officer
Materiality Assessment
Leveraging the SASB, GRI, and TCFD frameworks, combined with an
assessment of our own priorities, industry best practices, and current
market drivers, TPL has identified the environmental, social, and
governance topics and metrics that drive the most long-term value for
TPL and our stakeholders. As part of the assessment, TPL considered
various impacts on the Company, including strategic business impact,
direct financial impact, regulatory and legislative and policy impact,
brand impact, and opportunities for innovation. We also factored in the
issues that are most important to our lessees, operators, and
surrounding communities. The following sustainability topics were
determined, and remain today, the most material to our operations:
Environment
• Ecological and Biodiversity
• Energy Management
• Spill Prevention
• Water Management and Resiliency
Social
• Employee Attraction and Retention
• Employee Welfare and Human Rights
• Landowner and Community Relations
• Operational Safety and Emergency Preparedness
• Workforce Health and Safety
• Diversity and Inclusion Program
Governance
• Board Structure and Independence
• Asset Integrity
• Business Ethics and Transparency
• Government Relations and Regulatory Strategy
• Supplier and Contractor Engagement
Forward-Looking Statements
This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws that are based on TPL’s
beliefs, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently
available to, TPL, and therefore involve risks and uncertainties that are
difficult to predict. These statements include, but are not limited to,
statements about strategies, plans, objectives, expectations, intentions,
expenditures and assumptions and other statements that are not
historical facts. When used in this document, words such as “anticipate,”
“believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan” and “project” and similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You
should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
Although we believe our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in
or suggested by the forward-looking statements we make in this
presentation are reasonable, we may be unable to achieve these plans,
intentions or expectations and actual results, performance or
achievements may vary materially and adversely from those envisaged
in this document. For more information concerning factors that could
cause actual results to differ from those expressed or forecasted, see
TPL’s annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
filed with the SEC. The tables, graphs, charts and other analyses
provided throughout this document are provided for illustrative
purposes only and there is no guarantee that the trends, outcomes or
market conditions depicted in them will continue in the future. There is
no assurance or guarantee with respect to the prices at which the
Company’s common stock will trade, and such securities may not trade
at prices that may be implied herein.
TPL’s forecasts and expectations for future periods are dependent upon
many assumptions, including the drilling and development plans of our
customers, estimates of production and potential drilling locations,
which may be affected by commodity price declines, or other factors
that are beyond TPL’s control.
These materials are provided merely for general informational purposes
and are not intended to be, nor should they be construed as 1)
investment, financial, tax or legal advice, 2) a recommendation to buy or
any security. These materials do not consider the investment objective,
financial situation, suitability or the particular need or circumstances of
any specific individual who may receive or review this presentation, and
these materials may not be taken as advice on the merits of any
investment decision. Although TPL believes the information herein to be
reliable, the Company and persons acting on its behalf make no
representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or
completeness of those statements or any other written or oral
communication it makes, save as provided for by law, and the Company
expressly disclaims any liability relating to those statements or
communications (or any inaccuracies or omissions therein). These
cautionary statements qualify all forward-looking statements attributable
to us or persons acting on our behalf.