CORPORATE
IMPACT REPORT
2025
Download the 2025 Report
See our impact
Explore the report
Seven focus areas, one commitment.
Governance
Safety
Cybersecurity
People & human capital
management
Environmental sustainability
Community impact
Supply chain resilience
Appendix
About United
United is the largest airline in the world.2 Our 100,000+ employees help around 181 million
customers get to more than 370 destinations across six continents each year. As part of our United
Next growth plan, we have hired more than 38,000 employees since 2020 and expect to take
delivery of over 630 new narrow and widebody aircraft by the end of 2034.
As we celebrate our first 100 years, we continue to lead the way in groundbreaking innovation and
industry-changing firsts that define who we are and preview where we’re headed. From our
customer experience, new aircraft and onboard technology to our award-winning app, our story
sets the industry standard for what an airline can be.
Our shared purpose
“Connecting People. Uniting the World.” drives our decision-making, supported by our core values:
First Safety, then Caring, Dependability and Efficiency. We believe in the transformative power of
travel. It can lift economies, advance society, open hearts and expand minds. Millions of
passengers and tons of freight rely on United to connect them to the world every year.
Good Leads The Way®
At United, “Good Leads The Way” is more than a slogan; it fuels our mission to build the world’s
biggest and best airline. It reflects our goal of doing the right thing for our customers, employees
and communities. This mission helps strengthen our business, support long-term decision-making
and keep us agile to meet the evolving needs of those who rely on us.
About this report
At United, transparency and accountability are central to how we operate. We believe that this
report helps our stakeholders understand how we are managing both the opportunities and
challenges that come with incorporating corporate citizenship efforts across our airline. Active
stakeholder engagement and public reporting are key pillars of our corporate citizenship strategy
— they allow our investors to measure our performance and track our progress against our
ambitions.
This report details our activities and performance data for the 2025 calendar year, unless otherwise
noted. It was published on June 22, 2026 and speaks only as of that date unless otherwise stated.
This report is intended for investors, business and policy stakeholders, not individual consumers or
customers.
For environmental information, the reporting boundary includes facilities and equipment under
United Airlines’ operational control. It excludes emissions from subsidiaries and joint ventures that
are not operationally material.
Select metrics related to our 2025 greenhouse gas emissions have been externally verified. Please
refer to the Appendix item “Environmental data” for details. Historical data is provided for
informational purposes and has not been externally verified as of the date of this report.
Learn more
For more information about United Airlines and our overall performance, please refer to our most recent Annual
Report or Proxy Statement .
1. Based on U.S. network carrier public announcements of Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) used in 2025. SAF is approximately 0.7%
of our overall fuel use. SAF must be blended with conventional fuel in accordance with blending requirements. Use of blended
SAF results in lower carbon emissions on a lifecycle basis than conventional fuel alone.
2. Based on available seat miles.
3. International destinations include any airport served outside of the Continental U.S., Alaska and Hawaii.
NEXT
Our strategy
Indicates an external site that may or may not meet accessibility guidelines.